---
tags:
  - writing-prompt
  - immortality
---


> [!NOTE] Writing Prompt: Immortality
> You got one wish, and it was for immortality. It only took a few years to realize you no longer age, but you only just found out you're not unkillable, but circumstances will change around you to prevent you from getting hurt.

The silver two thousand twelve Mazda 3 hatchback careened to a stop just inches from my toes. I stood there in the middle of the very busy crosswalk spanning the broad and nearly empty boulevard, completely stupefied, double-shot-espresso-coconut-milk-chai-latte in one hand, plastic one-inch three-ring black binder in the other, eyebrows sailing over my forehead, and my jaw suspended mere inches above the asphalt, staring blankly at the driver.

The driver was just as stupefied, eyebrows also sailing over their forehead inches from the roof of their car, their jaw draped over the top of the steering wheel. Except instead of a double-shot-espresso-coconut-milk-chai-latte in one hand and a plastic one-inch three-ring binder in the other, they held a two thousand twenty rose gold iPhone 12 Max in one hand and their other hand was resting on the steering wheel as if pushing it away. The driver returned my blank stare.

In the next moment, we each gathered ourselves, our eyebrows and jaws returning to their normal resting positions and time unpaused, releasing the bustle around us. With a shrug, a smirk, and a quick tilt of my head, I completed my voyage across the boulevard, stepping firmly on the sidewalk and continued on my way.

I raised the double-shot-espresso-coconut-milk-chai-latte to my nostrils to take a deep inhale of the flavorful scent, then gingerly sipped on it, enjoying the pleasurable sensation of the various notes flowing over and activating my taste buds. There was a loud crack overhead, followed quickly by a choir of voices all shouting some variation of "watch out," which was then followed by a loud crash directly behind me.