---
tags:
  - omgprompt
---
## OMG, Write?!
- omg writing prompt

## slush-pile
- [[last encounter]] added, a story spinning off from the writing prompt below. Goal is to write a 1000 word story and submit it to Flash Frog's [Flash Frogtober](https://flash-frog.com/submit/).
- Export [[last encounter]] to [[last encounter.pdf|PDF]] for review.


> [!NOTE] Writing Prompt
> One night, a mother wakes up to hear her son crying in their room. When she goes into his room, he is not there. She looks everywhere for him and calls out his name. The only answer she gets is a terrible scream that echoes throughout the house.

The weeping is incessant and loud. Ugly crying, I think the kids are calling it these days. Unnerving as all hell. But it's my daughter, and she rarely ever cries like this, making it all the more alarming. I throw my legs out of bed, carelessly missing my slippers, wrap a blanket around me, and head toward her room. It's dark as hell, but there's enough light to see the time on the grandfather clock at the end of the hall.

It's almost 3a and I can see light peeking out from under her door. Dammit, this must be even more serious than I thought.

Upon arriving at her door, I knock softly, asking for permission to enter. There's no pause in the weeping, no response. I knock a little harder, but no change in the sound coming from the other side. I test the door handle, and it turns with no provocation. I twist it thoroughly and gently push the door open.

My daughter's bed's made. On her bedside table lies a stack of various notebooks and pens basking in the light of the lamp. Her closet is thrown open to reveal an explosion of clothing as it always is. And the weeping has grown louder upon opening the door, but of course it would.

Except, there's no Karina.

I move into the room and feel the temperature drop. It's not a huge drop, but it's pretty fucking noticeable. This is the least of my worries though.

"Karina?," I say, just loud enough for my inquiry to fill the room, tucking neatly under the now wailing that was weeping.