## CHANGELOG
### OMG, Write?!
- Writing Prompt


> [!NOTE] Writing Prompt
> Getting horror movie vibes from the trip your friends were planning, you decided to simply stay home.

"Do you like scary movies?"

I hang up the phone, thinking maybe it wasn't a good idea to actually tell them this trip was giving off horror movie vibes. The phone rings again. I consider letting it ring, as I'm already annoyed they'd waste part of their trip pulling these stunts. I do not, however, just let it ring.

"This is annoying," I say, as I pick up the phone.
"What's annoying is you hanging up when I asked you a question."
"What's annoying is you wasting part of your trip pulling this shit."
"What's annoying is you not taking me seriously."
"What's annoying is you thinking I would take seriously. Now go roast some marshmellows or bitch about the lack of wifi or whatever."

I hang up the phone, unconcerned with whatever they started to say next.

There's a loud banging on the apartment door. *You've gotta be fucking kidding me*, I think as I approach the door. I first glance through the peephole, but initially see nothing. I've seen enough horror films to know not to linger, so quickly pull away from the door, grab the bat next to it, make sure the chain is strung so the door can't freely swing, and I crack the door open.

No one's there.

*Really fucking clever*, I think. Now I'm getting paranoid. I close the door and throw the deadbolt. Swinging the bat over my shoulder, I decide to check the whole apartment. I quietly work my way down the hall, running a quick sweep of the kitchen, the bathroom, the bedroom. Finding nothing, I walk back to the living room, still wary, still very much alert. I'm standing in the middle of the room, considering my next steps when the phone rings again.

This time, I let it ring.

It rings twice, thrice, and as it rings a fourth time, a loud banging commences at the front door, and does not let up. The phone continues to ring, the pounding on the door gets louder, and now there's a tapping at one of the windows. Ringing, pounding, tapping. Ringing, pounding, tapping. Ringing, pounding ...

*Oh My GOD*, I silently scream in my head as I reach for the phone. As soon as I pick it up, everything goes silent.

"Okay, seriously, what the fuck?"