---
tags:
  - omgprompt
  - children
---
### Changelog

#### OMG, Write?!
- writing prompt for OMG, Write?!

#### Children of the Damned
- Began chapter [[26]]
- Finished chapter 26
- Reorganized writing prompts to work under daily notes/CHANGELOG
- Ndded notes for topics in the Children narrative: [[Candidate Selection Process]], [[Rites of Preparation]]
- Minor revisions
- Began chapter [[27]]


> [!NOTE] Writing Prompt
> *The number one threat to humanity since the beginning has been the fear of being rejected. Of being exiled from the community. And nowhere in the world today is that threat as nuanced and inscrutable as it is in the corporate world.*

Sandra shuddered as Miguel walked away. *What a fucking creep*, she thought. She gathered her documents and collected her coffee from the table, preparing to leave the room. She felt disgusting.

"I hate that I need this job," she muttered to herself.

"What was that?" Kacie stood in the doorway, leaning into the room. Sandra looked up sharply, eyes wide. She relaxed when she recognized Kacie.

"Sorry, Case. I was talking to myself. Just had a another run in with Miguel."

Kacie rolled her eyes.

"He can't possibly be more disgusting. You okay?" Kacie walked in and placed a hand on Sandra's arm, eyes filled with concern.

Sandra carefully removed Kacie's hand, walked over to close the door and lock it, and immediately threw herself into one of the many heavily cushioned conference chairs in the room.

"No, Case, I'm not okay. I want to cry." Kacie walked over and sat on the table in front of Sandra. "But I can't do that, can I? They'll think I'm too emotional and I can't do my job." Sandra puffed out her chest and shook her head in satirical mimicry. Kacie stifled a laugh, but allowed her grin to shine through.

"They're all terrible, aren't they?" Sandra insisted. Kacie nodded in agreement.

They both suffered at the hands of their male colleagues' harassment. But what could they do? Their colleagues' behavior was normal, unmitigated, dismissed. The ladies in the office were forced to take it in stride if they wanted to keep their jobs. There weren't many options otherwise.

"I don't know that it's any better anywhere else," said Kacie.

Kacie had worked a number of office jobs, always leaving when the harassment became overwhelming. That is, until she learned she could never get away from it. It was either work and make money, but be abused in the process, or have no work at all. And to be a single woman without work, without means ... well, that was social suicide.