---
tags:
  - omgprompt
  - children
  - vault
  - pornstar-vampire
  - unholy-requiem
---
## Vault Ops
- Added tags to daily notes to better track projects

## Unholy Requiem (Children of the Damned)
- Began First Revision. Initial edits are on paper. Actual paper.

## OMG, Write?!
- Kick off prompt, written below

> [!NOTE] Writing Prompt
> An ostracized vampire decides that being a porn star is the best fix for their assorted troubles (money, boredom, loneliness, food supply) but gains too much notoriety and has to fake their own death to get out of the spotlight.

Well that was fun, she hums to herself as she walks away from the smoldering remains of the building. The blast had shaken the wharf, and would eventually draw the attention of countless emergency personnel and locals. But for now, it was just her. Her and her bag of violent accoutrements, which contained an assortment of explosives, blades, and a smattering of personal belongings, most of which she left at the scene. Her arm was almost healed; she had opened it up along one of the veins to ensure a generous helping of her blood was splattered throughout the building, at least enough of which would hopefully be present after everything was finished burning.

Upon arriving at the end of the pier, she casually steps over the edge and drops deftly into the small craft she prepared. With sirens arising in the distance, she careful untethers the boat and uses oars to gently guide it out from under the pier. She aims for the rock line along the coast in order to remain out of site. It absolutely would not do to be caught out in the water after going through such painstaking effort to show everyone that she had been blown to bits in the blast.

There was a small cove around the bend for which she headed, but slowly. Ever so slowly, so as not to make too much noise. From her vantage, she could hear as the first of the emergency vehicles arrive at the wharf. Sirens and beeping and also what sounded like one or two vehicles careening to their stops. She smirks. How big of a response would this call for? She briefly wonders if she'll be on the news.

She arrives at the cove and works quickly to hide the small craft within one of the many crevasses. There were supplies here that would last her for a few a days, while she waited for the perfect opportunity to stow away on an outbound ship. Where would the following few weeks take her? Certainly not to her bill collectors, she hoped. 