---
tags:
  - flash-fiction-friday
  - joshuaxwrites
---
## Unholy Requiem (Children of the Damned)
- proofread [[01 - In the Beginning]] and made minor edits 
- began editing [[unholy-requiem/first-rewrite/02|02]] 
- completed edits of [[unholy-requiem/first-rewrite/02|02]] 

## joshuaxwrites
- setup [joshuaxwrites]([https://discord.gg/T3xvs27eUM](https://discord.gg/T3xvs27eUM "https://discord.gg/T3xvs27eUM") discord server
- Flash Fiction Friday writing prompt 👇
- posted story to [Medium](https://joshuaxwrites.medium.com/flashfictionfriday-072624-d805c6159cd7) and shared to [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/1266261630883467347/1266436191394336839/1266443586249949204), [Threads](https://www.threads.net/@joshuaxwrites/post/C95Nw_-o-eU/) 
- 


> [!NOTE] Flash Fiction Friday prompt
> The door at the end of the hall will not open. You've lived here for years, and have tried everything--prying it open, removing the door knob, even calling a contractor to remove it. The door doesn't budge. One day, you're rummaging in the junk drawer looking for the super glue when you discover an old key. Curious, you attempt to insert the key into the door at the end of the hall. It fits perfectly.

I rest my hand on the knob, ready to turn it and open the door. I've waited for years for this opportunity, and it's finally arrived. I don't know where the key came from, but I have it now. It fits perfectly in the lock. It turns fluidly. Even the light *click* as the lock is released feels so satisfying. I take a deep breath ...

... and I take a step back. Wait. I have concerns around the key's origin. I suddenly have wild concerns about what's behind this door. This thing is magical, surely. I attempted to remove the door handle once, but it wouldn't budge. I attempted to force a crowbar into the jamb, but it wouldn't budge. I took a sledge hammer to it, I kicked it, I yelled at it, I threw myself at it, but it wouldn't budge. I even took to hiring a contractor once a year to rip the damn thing off, and they would arrive with their machines, there would be lots of tinkering, lots of noise, lots of cursing, but they would always return my deposit and just leave. It became a bit of a contest for a few years: what company would finally break it open? Eventually even that excitement passed; they all assumed I was playing tricks on them, or lying to them, or involved in black arts they wanted nothing to do with.

Fine. I stopped calling around. I still tried though, with my meager attempts, to open the fucking door. All to no avail.

And now this. All of a sudden, this key appears. I know that junk drawer. I know every little thing that exists in that thing. I'm constantly digging around in there, using the odds and ends and then tossing the odds and ends back in when I finish with them. There has never been a key like this in there. But for some reason, that's where it appeared. I was so fucking gung-ho about opening the door I failed to think about where it came from.

Standing in front of the door, key turned in the lock, I'm having second thoughts. I turn and head to my laptop to pull up the security footage but then stop. When was the last time I was in that drawer? Last week? A few days ago? What am I going to do, sit on my ass and just watch several days of footage hoping to catch something?

The idea is absurd. I stand and begin pacing up and down the hall. I gotta open that door. It's just waiting for me now, as I've been waiting for it. But I can't just open it like this, can I? I mean, there's obviously something magical about it. I've lived here for fucking *years*, I've tried everything to open it, and nothing has come of any of that effort. And all of a sudden, again--all of a sudden--a fucking key shows up in the junk drawer, out of nowhere, and I'm just supposed waltz right on over and open the goddamned door.

No, this doesn't seem right. I don't like this at all. Maybe I'm being paranoid, but I can't shake the feeling there's something wrong about all of this. Every time I pass by the door, I reach out as if I'm going to open it, but then withdraw my hand and turn around. I'm pacing, I'm sweating, I'm breathing heavy, and I want to open the door, but I just cannot bring myself to do it. This is weird, this is way too fucking weird and I do not like this one bit.

Why can I not just open the fucking door? What is wrong with me?

Or, maybe, what is wrong with it?
