---
tags:
  - vault
  - short-stories
  - writing-prompt
  - in-flight-trauma
---
## Vault
- renamed vault from joshuaalexander to madalexxx due to some other asshole using joshua alexander as their author name
## Short Stories
### Immortality
- finished first draft of [[immortality]] 
- copied text to [google docs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_Jhux5efmFcJJj-B77AjgRRU10ZPuLDZcOsVMPdocGA/edit?usp=sharing) for sharing with River and Chelsie
- added [[notes]] for consideration to work into the narrative 
### Final Encounter
- updated `.pages` doc with social media links
- exported/updated `.pdf`

## Writing Prompt

> [!NOTE] Writing Prompt: In-Flight Psychological Damage
> “Attention passengers, this is your pilot speaking. Opening your flight window shades is now prohibited until further notice. The airline is not liable for any psychological distress experienced from viewing outside.“

Randalph hears the click of the intercom turning off and throws a sideways glance at Carlos, his partner for this venture. Carlos meets his gaze, shrugs, and returns his attention to the book he's reading. Chatter arises from the announcement, with some concerns being raised and attendants being called, but these are few. Most on the flight simply return to their various diversions.

A guttural scream crashes over the low murmur. Attendants rush down the aisle toward the screaming. One attendant is carefully preparing a syringe while en route. Randalph and Carlos watch the attendants flow down the aisle, and once past their row, Carlos returns to his book.

Randolph picks up the paper cup from the tray in front of him, the cup appearing tiny in hands, and raises it to lips. He sips gingerly on the coffee, careful not to burn his mouth, having learned his lesson only moments before, all while the screaming ricochets forcefully throughout the cabin. Another scream cuts through the air, quickly followed by another, as Randalph carefully returns his coffee to the tray. The attendants are all a bustle, with the syringe-bearing attendant rushing to the head of the cabin to retrieve more syringes.

Carlos huffs, shakes his head. He turns to Randalph.

"They don't listen. They think they're going to uncover some grand conspiracy," he says.

"Could be unbridled curiosity," says Randalph. Carlos huffs in response.

"You have 'unbridled curiosity' before?"

"Once. I went through alcoholism, lived in a halfway house, and spent three years in therapy before I felt like I could just be myself again."

"Sorry. Didn't mean to belittle your experience. Can you tell me what you saw?"

"Now, there's your 'unbridled curiosity'."

"Fair point." Carlos returns to his book.