---
tags:
  - writing-prompt
  - shedding-skin
  - children
  - unholy-requiem
---
## Vault
- updated references to #children , adding the #unholy-requiem  tag to daily notes pertaining to the first book of the series
- reformatted older notes

## OMG, Write?!
- worked over River's "[Bubblegum Assassin](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gCPR18wOv2c-1WmKJy1xqY4DK12RaT7C7enBUcTkkLA/edit)" flash piece
- writing prompt: [Shedding Skin](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CYCSTi8GYCGidOCHLm__ihFBpQP-RiZcBv9eHHEp6mY/edit?usp=sharing), placed in a google doc and sent to River

## Unholy Requiem (Children of the Damned)
- updated [[Beta Readers]], adding Sara to the list
- updated word count tracker in Notion to begin tracking rewrite
- worked on editing [[01 - In the Beginning]]; much of the cursory edits have been dismissed as the material is almost entirely being rewritten

> [!NOTE] Writing Prompt
> Like a snake that shed its skin, you shed your human body. Every two weeks, you take the form of another person entirely. From age, to gender and race, you are completely unsure who you will become every other week.

Brambles and undergrowth, I feel it all crunching under my boots as I make my way back to my van. This has been my ritual every other week for the past 27 years. Tomorrow, I leave for a new town, new state, maybe even a new country.

I approach my van, click the fob to unlock the doors, and throw open the back doors. It takes me a moment to unlace my boots; they're a little tighter than what I'd prefer, but I can't really be choosy when buying second hand, or just outright cheap. I toss the shoes into the dirty clothes bin, which are followed by my drenched hoodie. I pop open my portable shower, step inside, and zip the screens closed. It takes only a moment to strip the remaining clothes from my body. I toss those in the dirty clothes bin as well.

The water's not hot, but it's not frigid, and for that I'm grateful. I take my time soaping myself up. My hands linger over my breasts, my nipples. I allow myself a little teasing, which soon turns into full enjoyment. My hands rove over my body hungrily, seeking to devour every last inch of it. They course of the curves of my hips, the fullness of my bottom, and come to rest on either side of my labia. It's too much, but it's also not enough, as I know this won't last. I linger in the shower to bring myself to completion, allowing my breath to run ragged but careful not to outright moan.

I take my time wiping myself down, again exploring and appreciating the wonderful shape of this body, the supple tone, the smooth skin. Even drying these cascading curls is an experience I savor. I unzip a portion of the shower screens and reach for my robe.

Once I'm all wrapped up and in some comfortable slippers, I rinse the shower screens and set the whole thing in the sink to drain and dry. I climb onto the small bed, removing my slippers as I enter the van, and close the door behind me. I turn to lock the doors and set the alarm, and grab my journal--the most recent among so many. I write in long flowing script, so elegant, so rich in detail, as only this body would produce. I write and I write and I write, setting down everything that came to mind as I wandered through the wooded hills on this final adventure in this form.

When the writing's done, the day's just about finished. I remove my robe and settle comfortably into bed, fully nude, fully ready. I glance at the bins beside the bed, the ones containing a wild array of clothing of all sizes and styles. I don't know what tomorrow will bring, but with it will come new adventures, and I have learned how to be ready for them. For now, as I lie lazily, I allow myself one more opportunity to sensually enjoy this body, and soon drift off to sleep.
