## The Ides of March, some year

This wasn’t planned.  
Not even a little bit.  
I was given a talisman and told it would work. I was led to believe that the mission upon which I embarked would be a simple affair of driving off the creature with the talisman and that would be that.

I would be home by supper.

I was not, in fact, home by supper. In fact, I’m still en route to supper as I write this. Though, I’ll perhaps arrive a number of suppers from now. The way has been long and hard and I am tired.

Sore.  
Broken.

The engagement with the creature was not a “that would be that” kind of engagement. It was …

Strenuous.  
Troublesome.  
Tiresome.

EXHAUSTING.

The monstrous thing held its ground despite all I did. I attacked in a flurry; it would slip away from my attacks. I readied a powerful attack; it parried. It seemed to sense the next move I would make well before I even decided my course of action. It was harrowing. And yet I fought on. I fought on, doubting my abilities, shaken to my foundation. I fought on because that was all I knew to do. There was too much at stake. Too much to lose. I wasn’t going to allow this horrendous being to have its way to the extent that I could disallow it.

I was prepared to give over my life in this struggle.

In the end, the creature’s will broke. It receded. Withdrew. I had won! A hard fought, strenuous, and exhausting battle was won. Despite the incredible joy I felt at the victory accomplished, I was tired to the very depths of my soul. Everything in my being screamed to rest. To sleep. To withdraw.

The battle had lasted almost a week.

Six days after I arrived, I was returning home. Famished, worn thin, nearly broken, I was on my way home.

Am on my way home.

The road has been challenging as well, though not nearly as tiresome as the battle with the creature. However, I am still recovering from the ordeal, which has made the challenges that have arisen all that much more tiresome. I long for my bed. I long for the rest that will return to me all of the energy that has dried up and awaits true regeneration. But I have some way to go yet, until I can slumber long, deep, and in peace.

---
## The Ides of April, later that year

The abbey draws ever nearer. I can feel it in my bones, keenly. There is anticipation in my arrival, as the approach has been very slow, arduous, and difficult. I am not one to be given over to the sword, but I did, repeatedly, on almost every leg of our journey home. So much so, that the armorer among us has taken to calling me “Monsignor Warrior.”  

I’m no warrior! Despite this, the armorer has made for me a gift of a sword.  
We plod slowly across the wastes, and I am grateful that the masters sent me along with this small contingent of warriors. They have proven to be most proficient in their line of duty, and cheerful companions.

Very cheerful.

They were not witness to the monstrosity I dealt with, to the deep emotional hell into which I was plunged time after time after time. How fortunate they were to be commanded to stand guard and not to partake in the battle directly! Their smiles and their laughter warms my cold and bitter heart; this in turn gives me hope that I will return to experience joy. Eventually.  

For now, I sit in silence and appreciate the banter and laughter that surrounds me. Every day has brought violence, and yet the camaraderie holds strong. The armorer’s nickname for me even warms my heart! I feel welcome among these strangers, and it slowly draws me back to understanding what that felt like before I left the abbey.  
I’ve come to realize something very vital on this return journey: I may have won the battle; I may have beaten the beast back; but I did so at great sacrifice to myself.  

A part of me is missing. Or, perhaps, several parts. I struggle to recall what those parts were, often enough. Then I sit among these warriors who fight day after day and night after night—sometimes I among them—and feel like I can return those pieces of myself.  

And those pieces come. But they don’t settle. They simmer. They slip and parry. They lie just beyond my reach. I am able to recall what they feel like, but I no longer experience them.

What have I become?

What am I _becoming_?

The abbey approaches. Or, rather, we are approaching the abbey. I can feel it, keenly. It is there, and we will soon arrive.

---
## April 17th, that same month

We arrived at the abbey today.

Something is wrong.

Something is wrong; arriving didn’t feel right. I didn’t feel as I hoped I would upon arriving, filled with relief, filled with gratitude.  

Instead, I arrive wary and suspicious. Paranoid, even. Something is wrong, and I don’t know if that something is me or something in the abbey. The wrongness pervades the depths of my soul; it sits in my bones; it lingers at the edges of my thoughts. At any moment, I shall be accosted by the wrongness of which I’m aware. And yet, nothing strikes; nothing comes. We arrived and were well received; I was guided to my rooms with all the pomp of a returning hero; nothing in my room was amiss. Nothing amiss in my room, in the quarters, in the abbey. I am exhausted in my entire being and want for nothing more than sweet, deep, slumber. But I cannot sleep.  

I have lain awake for hours.  

The sword I was given, I clutch it tightly to my chest at the hilt. The sword lies in its scabbard, but already I am well versed in drawing the blade on a breath, as necessity drove me to learn on our return journey. The air around me swells and dissipates, teasing me to believe that there is something and nothing there, all at once. But this has always been the air in my chamber. The wrongness is hiding behind the moving air.

The wrongness is hiding behind the stone walls. The wrongness is hiding deep within the abbey itself.

---
## April 27

I have watched my pious brethren closely since my arrival. They’re all entirely unaware that something is wrong in the abbey. I have spoken to some of my closest and wisest of associates; I have asked them to test my sanity. They all corroborated one another’s diagnosis: I am as healthy of mind as the best of them. I speak to them of the withdrawal of the experience of joy; they tell me I need to sleep. I speak to them of echoes that arise from the marble; they tell me I should be more pious. To every concern I voice, they provide a reasonable enough excuse.

Reasonable enough.

I am unable to convey the dreary depths of sadness I feel. I am unable to share my experience of absolute hopelessness. Returning home was supposed to alleviate me of this depression! And yet, here I am, more than a week home, and continue to lie awake at night, clutching my sword, and willing the darkness to recede.  

I’ve come to believe that it is by my sheer will alone that darkness is kept at bay. I understand this may be madness, but I cleave to that belief; for what other reason would I be made to remain conscious, despite the exhaustion I am consumed by? I grow more and more mad by the moment, and yet here I lie, awake and alert, and ready to combat the wrongness that may, at any moment, come forward.  

---
## May 1

I saw the being again last night.

The creature with which I fought. It returned to my dreams and conversed with me as if I had never driven it away. The first time this happened, I bolted immediately awake. Now, I sit with the creature in my dreams and let it spew its nonsense until it is spent and withdraws of its own accord.

Except last night.

The creature drove me into such fury! Fury as I have never experienced before! I believed myself beyond experiencing any real emotion after the original ordeal. But here was anger and frustration rising to fury in such a torrent as I had never known was possible. Here was the extremities of my experience with emotion, the extremities and beyond. I howled. I screamed. I cried. I mourned. I even laughed, maniacal though it sounded. I awoke to incredible pain and terror, feeling it in such intense closeness. Ah, but the intensity of feeling! I could naught but find pleasure in it, being so far removed from emotion as I had been for the past several weeks. I reveled in it.

I was consumed by it.

And when I was spent, the creature withdrew of its own accord.

I knew I had not banished it with my tirade, my words, my feelings. It had watched me be overcome by sensation and then had left of its own volition. And in its withdrawal, I was left with the knowledge and understanding that this creature had done worse than end my life. Far worse. This creature had embedded within me a darkness that was all consuming. I was a former shell of myself, and I knew it. And within me, that darkness was growing to fill the space I once fully occupied.

The ordeal with the creature had left me tainted; it returns to me in my dreams to taunt me as such. I thought I had won the ordeal. I now think otherwise.

The wrongness in the abbey grows everyday. It grows within me. And I feel helpless to stop it.