## Summer Solstice

The sun hangs directly overhead. Its heat is intense. It drains me, sapping me of every last mite of strength that remains. The air lies heavy around me. I am parched. I am hungry. But I am committed to my penance.  

This thing that lives inside me, this darkness, this emptiness, it grows. It consumes everything from within: nutrients, moisture, joy, fear, anger. Anything that arises within is completely consumed, and it grows.

All that is left to me is to starve it.

Countless days and hours I spent attempting to make myself understood by my superiors, all to no avail. I feared this darkness would overtake the abbey. I sought desperately to explain the danger that existed among us, within me! Naught more was done than to relegate me to the most obscure tasks, taking me well out of proximity to my brothers.  

At least this was beneficial, though not in the way my superiors anticipated. They sought to isolate me to silence me as a punishment for my doubt; I knew my isolation meant that I could not infect any other with the darkness I bore. The all-consuming emptiness.

The isolation, however, only served to make me even more paranoid.

I said my prayers often and with great fervor. I took part in innumerable cleansing ceremonies. I fasted. I performed my duties diligently and with great piety. Or, rather, with as great a piety as I understood. Nothing helped. No light from above poured into me, breaking the darkness and filling the emptiness. No warmth erupted from within to melt the ice that grew thicker around my heart, my bones, my soul. Every waking moment was one small step, ever descending into deeper darkness. Nothing I did in all I was taught helped. I began to lose hope.

Now I stand firm in what I believed was my final willful act to find healing. I have left the abbey that I might not infect those around me, my loving brethren, with the darkness I carry. I’d read of the Buddha, Siddhartha, sitting beneath the bodhi tree until he achieved enlightenment. I’d studied the teachings of Christ and knew he had gone into the desert for forty days and withstood the best the devil had to offer. My own desires were nothing so lofty as to find transcendence nor to face off with the devil. Nay, my plight was one of inner healing. I wanted merely to feel again. Surely I would be granted this meager wish at such great exertion as I would make in my fast.  
Christ fasted for forty days; I would fast for eighty if I had to! Anything to make this darkness within recede. Anything at all.

Now I stand firm, the sun above me, desolation around me, hunger and thirst within.

And the darkness.  
The emptiness.  
The void.

I will fast alone in this wasteland until this void is starved; until this void recedes of its own volition, no longer able to sustain itself on my thoughts and emotions.

---
## Thirty Days Later

Weak fool that I am! In my hunger, in my despair, I broke my fast. My desire to live has overcome my desire to defeat the Void, and now I feel completely powerless over myself, over this thing. It has won, taking me over until my very will has been subverted to its own.  

My faith has not saved me. Nay, my faith has damned me! “Banish the creature,” they commanded. Like a fool, I rushed to obey. And I failed.  

I thought I won. I thought I had beaten the beast back, weakened it, then banished it. I know now the truth of my experience. Knowing I was exhausted, it led me to believe that I had defeated it. While my guard was lowered, it sank its teeth into me, its claws. It took hold of the very fiber of my being and has been unraveling me ever since. Now I stand overtaken, unraveled, completely undone.

And oh so absolutely _famished_.

I pray that no one will find me, that they will all stay far away, that I may not share this curse with anyone. I pray for this, while simultaneously willing someone to arrive that I may feed on and infect them. I want to survive. I want others to suffer alongside me. 

I want to prove to my superiors that my condition was real, by way of making them experience it directly. Oh, what a wretched, bitter man I have become! None so strong in the faith would succumb to these thoughts, and yet here I stand, broken and mad, wishing ill toward my fellow man.  

I once prayed for healing. I once prayed for light, for warmth. Now I pray that I might be struck down for the evil thoughts I harbor, for the ill feelings I am drawn to, and the darkness that thrives within. I am naught more than a hallowed out vessel in which the void resides.

And I hunger so.

---
## Autumnal Equinox, Several Years Later

The weather has turned cold, but it disturbs me not. No cold compares to the ice within. Cold, rain, ice, nor snow affects me. I have left my place of isolation in search of food, and as I have traveled, the seasons have changed.

I have not traveled far, though where I have been, I have left a deeper wasteland than when I arrived.

I am completely insatiable. In my wake are streams of bodies, individuals whose lust for life I sucked dry and swallowed whole, leaving them naught more than empty husks and shadows of their former selves. With no pomp, and no pleasure, I drained each and every human I came across. At first unwillingly. Unwillingness, however, soon turned to desperation. Now, with each individual I consume, I realize ever more clearly that there is not enough of them in the world to drive this hunger away.

I once hungered for vegetables and grain. Now I hunger for emotion, and any will do.

---
## All Hallow’s Eve

A grand festival was taking place in the locale through which I passed on the eve of All Saint’s Day. It is said that on this eve of all eves, the veil is thinnest between the living and the dead. I cannot say if this is true. In my state, I felt I was long dead; there was no veil where I was concerned. I walked among the living, appearing as warm and lively as ever, but empty and dark within.

Cold and dead inside.

The festival was set to begin at twilight, in a clearing in the wood adjacent to the small town. I had arrived in time to be invited to the event. The small town was deeply superstitious and the townspeople all encouraged each other and their guests to partake in the festivals to promote the general welfare of their locale. Woe is them! For by inviting me to join in their festivities, they have unwittingly damned themselves. The demise they wished to avoid, they had attracted.

Still, there was a still small quiet part of my former self that hoped against hope that I might yet find freedom at the hands of a healer during this festival.

This, of course, did not happen. There is a reason why hope was packed away among all the evil things in Pandora’s Box. My hope led me to the festival, in which a veritable feast awaited: a feast for the void within. I am ashamed to admit it, but I consumed so many people that night! I was stealthy at first, taking individuals from the fringe and luring them away to their demise. But with each one, the emptiness only grew.

I needed more.

I grew careless. Then reckless. Dropping any guise of civility, I overtook any one I immediately came upon. Soon, there were townspeople at my back with torches and pitchforks, clubs and knives. But I had grown strong by then. Driven by the immeasurable darkness within, I was forceful beyond reason. Though many stood against me, I broke them, one by one. I broke them and fed on them.

What a feast! The terror at one point reached a frenzied crescendo, and at its peak I experienced for the first time the sensation that others have described as an orgasm.

Nothing could possibly feel as good.

However, this feeling didn’t last long. Nay, no sooner had I experienced it, the feeling quickly receded, swallowed whole by the void. I looked around to see how many people remained to be consumed. What lay before me was a field of empty husks, soulless eyes, drained bodies. What lay before me was yet another wasteland.

I looked down to find a young man attempting to pry my arms away from an older woman. The woman still lived, she was conscious, she was filled with fear! There was yet a meal to be had. The young man, however, was filled with fear, anger, and sorrow. Tears poured from his eyes as he sought to liberate this woman from my grasp. He was crying, shouting, begging.

He was begging.

He begged me to let her go. He bargained with me, offering his own life in exchange for hers. For the first time across those long and heavy years, I felt warmth. I released the woman and took him into my arms. I felt joy rise up from within. Was it sacrifice that would free me from this inner icy hell? Without waiting to consider this, I sank my teeth into the young man’s neck.

I was immediately flooded with the purest, sweetest, most raw of emotions; emotions the likes of which I had not experienced in what felt like lifetimes. I drank them all in. I was an empty vessel ready to be filled to the brim and experience life whole once again. Yet, I realized before I emptied him completely, that this was no different than the hundreds that had come before. And just as with those hundreds that came before, I was returning to him some of the darkness that resided within. I realized this and fought to do the young man a favor by ending his life. I drank with more fervor, willing to empty him not just of this warmth, but of his very life’s blood.

Sensing my intention, realizing this would not be another victim, the void stirred within and came rushing out of me and into the young man. I was powerless to stop it. In one swift rush of emotion, I felt warmth well up within me. Had I passed on this curse?

The young man fell limp in my arms. I carefully lowered him to the ground, ashamed that I was unable to spare him from the hell that I carried within. I kneeled down beside him and wept, out of shame and terror for being so weak, but also out of joy that I could weep once again, a joy in which I was also ashamed.

The young man stirred a moment later. He was lucid, his eyes were intelligent. They were not the eyes I was used to seeing in the victims I had left strewn behind. His eyes were full of life. I suddenly became excited. Could it be? Could it be that the curse was lifted? I dared to hope. I dared to believe that I was free. I would pay for my crimes, but I would do so willingly if it meant that the curse was broken and the creature was gone.

My hopes were dashed in the moments that followed. First, my joy and shame were slowly eaten away by the ever-consuming darkness lying within. Second, the young man didn’t appeal to me in the same way he had before I had eaten him. He was lucid, true, but he was empty, being consumed from within as well. We now both carried the malady. We now both carried the demon.

The void within had lessened dramatically, but this did not justify my sharing of it. I knew that regardless, the void would continue to consume all from within and grow to its former size. This young man and I are now naught more than incubators for an incalculable and insidious evil.