## Some years later, decades maybe

The young man walked beside me, head held high, posture impeccable. If there had been any ill will toward me, the young man never once exhibited it. Over the weeks and months that we moved together, I had witnessed in his character such astounding honor and valor. Our conversation, strained at first, had burst wide when he came to realize I shared the darkness he carried within. When he learned of the amount of time I had spent with the void consuming me, his face radiated such sorrow and pity. Though he struggled with the emptiness himself, there was still some empathy remaining, and he spent it on me.

Oh what foul luck, that I should make a companion of one who was a far better human than I! I, who had laid waste to hundreds of people over the years of surviving under the curse of this darkness, I deserved no pity! Yet there he sat, emanating sorrow. I felt it; I could smell it.

In the beginning, I once raged at him, demanding he reveal his hatred of me. His response? That he held no such feelings of me, but instead was grateful that I allowed him to take the place of his mother. He thought I was a wandering demon, and that bargaining was his only means of reaching me. I replied that I was no demon, just a man made into a monster.

To this day, he believes I am some demi-spiritual being.

Maybe I have become something supernatural. I am certainly something preternatural. Both he and I. When the darkness flooded into him, the young man had taken on strength akin to my own; his eyesight, hearing, and sense of smell were becoming keener.

We could communicate telepathically.

Not clearly defined thoughts, more impressions and sensations than anything tangible, but it was a means of communicating that was extrasensory. We hunted by impression, often determining our course of action through a series of complicated combinations of impulses that we continued to refine over the years.

There was a camaraderie between us that I had not felt since before I faced the demon, decades ago. Ages past, it seemed, I was a friar in an abbey. I was surrounded with others like me, brothers in the faith who had taken their vows alongside me. Vows that did nothing to prevent my fall from grace; my fall from humanity.

I sometimes wondered if my superiors knew what would transpire, if they anticipated the situation to turn out the way it did. Surely I was a willing fool in whatever ends their schemes worked toward. Whether it was to banish a demon or return with it, I had been prepared to do anything that was asked of me. I only wish now that I had known the costs before accepting my assignment. I went the fool; I returned and brought back darkness. I had done nothing to lessen the presence of hell upon this earthly plain. Instead, I carried hell across the face of it, allowing its tendrils to seep into the very hills and stones where I laid my head to rest.

Now, two carried this darkness across the face of the earth. Early on we made a pact that we would refrain bringing others to share our fate unless the need was too great. And should we be driven to it, to be most discerning of who we turned. Feeding upon the souls of the vibrant and living left a touch of the darkness upon them. Some recovered; many did not. Regardless, they were incapable of spreading the darkness themselves. Those that recovered felt their emotions return, albeit slowly. Those who did not simply withered away. However, leave any random person with the power to spread this emptiness at will? That was playing dice with the continued survival of this entire world. All it would take was some petty, angry, despondent, or evil being to set off a chain of events that would see this devouring inner presence proliferate unmitigated. Best not leave this to chance, we decided.

Thankfully, in pouring the darkness into the young man and sharing this emptiness with him, my hunger for feeling had dramatically dissipated. Where once I had hungered for the souls of my fellow man to the extent where I consumed several per day, I could now go days without succumbing to the hunger. One life would sustain me for some time, and more and more often, I was able to draw only so much as to satiate myself for the moment, to stave off the hunger just long enough to break myself away from the meal before taking too much. My young companion, however, did not fare as well. Though he was not nearly as famished as I had been in my early days, he still fed daily, and more than once on most days.

But no matter how frequently we fed, the darkness was ever present, the emptiness ever consuming, the void ever growing. It may be years yet, but we will one day each bring another in to share this curse.

That is not now, though. In the present, we are deciding where to sleep for the night. We have walked and ridden far, and our own bodies and those of our horses were spent. We would pick a stable and bed down for the evening in some wayfare tavern, far removed from larger settlements. We needed to do so quickly. The sun would soon rise, and with it, its ever-present energy-sapping rays of light, of hope.

I no longer dared to hope. The famous poet would later say, in centuries to come, “abandon hope, all ye who enter.” Abandoning hope was the first indication that I was truly losing my humanity. It was one of the last bits of emotion that remained to me, and I willingly released it. I could feel no joy at its release, but neither would I ever again feel betrayal when hope failed me. The rising sun often reminded the young man and I that we were once capable of experiencing warmth within. It was a painful reminder, painful to the point of it being tangible, somatic. It made my skin crawl. I felt ill. The young man described similarly unpleasant reactions with regard to the sun. The sorrow we shared at the recognition of emotions lost to us was often too great to bear. We mutually decided to avoid the sun whenever possible.

The dawn arrived, and we slowly settled into our rooms as the light broke over the horizon. I’m caught off guard while in the process of drawing the shutters closed. As light pours in through my window, as I face the rising sun, I am filled with immeasurable dread; never again will I experience happiness, joy, warmth. I finish closing the shutters, drawing the curtains, and I am off to bed. Tonight—or today, rather—I will sleep like the dead.

I may as well be. I am naught but cold, dark, and empty within. I am a skeleton in a coffin six feet interred, a shell and a void, walking around in the guise of a human, complete with human speech and mannerisms.

I sleep a heavy sleep, and dream heavy dreams.

---
## Later that night

We made a serious mistake.

We moved carelessly. Our direction was to move ever forward, never turning, never circling, and certainly never returning to any place we had fed. The risk of being discovered was too great. Yet here we were, acquiring lodging in a hamlet long forgotten by us.

We, however, had not been forgotten by its residents.

I awoke to the smell of a small crowd approaching the inn. It was this scenario I avoided at all costs; the bloodlust was often too great when so many people were so closely packed and worked up into a frenzy. The aroma of their anger was delicious, and it stirred the monster within. Before I could be overwhelmed by it, I was up in a flash, gathering my things and rushing to the young man’s room to rouse him.

The young man was already awake and alert. However poorly I slept due to the ever-present darkness, the young man had not my many more years of acclimating, and so often slept far worse. If he slept at all. He was awake and ready for action when I entered his room, though not the action I preferred he be ready for.

He was hungry. He was ready to feed.

I expressed to him the trouble we would find ourselves in and emphasized the details of our sure victory over such fearful beings. He eventually conceded his bloodlust and we left, slipping out a service entrance while avoiding coming into contact with any human soul. The night was our domain; we moved comfortably in it. Once out of close quarters, we were able to slip past most people with ease, arriving at the stables and removing our horses with some trickery, distraction, and a great deal of subterfuge. When we were far enough from the village to avoid arousing attention, we mounted our steeds and flew away, riding like the wind to relieve ourselves of the arresting desire to consume the lives of those we rode away from.

As we rode, I was filled with premonition. I saw us riding directly into a trap laid by neighboring villagers and countryside dwellers. I saw us being bound and caged, humiliated and tortured. Then burned alive. And as we each burned, the void within only grew with more fervor.

What could we possibly do to avoid such a future?! The prospect of being tortured and humiliated bothered me little when compared to the pitched fervor of hunger of the gnawing void within. Given the choice, I would spare myself from the experience of both.

We rode through the night, and I turned this vision over and over again in my mind. Finally, as the first rays of light of the following day cast themselves over the horizon, I resolved to finally do what my companion had so wisely suggested quite some time ago: we go into hiding.

Permanently.