The chanting increased, the shouts and cries condemning me to death. I was pulled roughly from the cart in which I stood bound, unable to see through the hood tied firmly over my head. The burlap felt rough against my neck and forehead, but I had only a moment to consider it before I was hoisted onto a wooden platform. The shackles that bound me felt increasingly heavy. The weight of the iron was the only thing that dragged at me, however. The angry cries fed the darkness within. Though I carried this cold, deep, dark, void within, I no longer felt tired. The emotions swirling around me gave rise to the ever-present hunger within, driving me onward. Blinded and bound, I was guided to my demise, and I bore it all with patience and serenity. I felt nothing. I was not tired. This was my fate, and without fear upon which exhaustion could feed, I would have felt at peace, if not for the hunger gnawing within.

I was secured tightly to what felt like a giant pole. What felt like blocks of wood were being piled at my feet. The workers all made comments toward one another while hurling curses toward me, but I was unbothered by them. I knew what I had done, no matter the reason why .i had done it. Judgement had arrived and I was ready to receive it. I cared not who dealt the killing blow.

With wood piled high to my thighs, I sensed the workers move away. And then further away still. A priest had been summoned to oversee these affairs, and he spoke now, making the final convocations and condemning me to death as an agent of the Devil himself. With his final words, I felt heat move into my vicinity from all around me. There was a loud crack as many of the blocks of wood surrounding me picked up the heat. In another moment, I was consumed by the flames.

And I felt nothing.

The heat was naught more than a nuisance. This I could bear if it would silence the hunger within. But the hunger only grew. The crowd’s emotion surged in elation as they watched their monster burn. And this elation whipped this deep dark hunger into a frenzy. I wasn’t dying! Nay, I was becoming angry. The emptiness allowed me a taste of what I once felt, and it was welcome. Any emotion was welcome.

The crowd was elated, pleased, ecstatic! So much delicious emotion rolling and swaying around me, and the anger growing within. I shifted. I tested my bonds. The iron was becoming soft in the heat. Nay, perhaps I always had the strength to break free from these shackles. Whatever the case, the hunger within reached a fevered pitch, driving my anger to extremes. In a moment, I was free. And in the next, I feasted.

I ripped away the ashy tatters of the burlap hood and leaped for the closest humans which stood as close to the fire as they dared. The first few fell to me with no struggle, entirely unprepared for the onslaught. The next few were vaguely becoming aware that something was wrong but unsure of how to act. They fell to me next. As the crowd began to understand what was happening, the joy and elation, the ecstasy in celebration quickly turned to terror. Those first few humans were delicious. But as fear consumed the crowd, the feast became ever more delectable. I charged into the midst of them like an animal, tearing and rending flesh and lapping up blood. Their monster was loose and there was nowhere they could escape to.

I came upon the priest as he was attempting to flee. The coward threw anything and anyone into my path to get away. Woman and children were pulled into my path but I had my sights set. With a few strenuous bounds, I caught the priest. I wrapped him tightly in my arms, pulled his head to one side and tore into his neck.

I awoke with a start on the cold, stone floor, sweating. Thank whatever gods remain that it was just a dream. I breath slowed down as the night terror passed and I was once again my cold, empty self. I looked around the dimly lit chamber. The young man was slumbering not far from me, blood pooling beneath his face as it trickled from his open mouth.

A pool of blood.

I bolted upright. Though my skin was nearly as smooth as it always was, I noticed the faint traces of lacerations and burns, deep wounds that had been inflicted and were slowly healing. The fact that I felt fear rising within did not bode well with me either. No no no no no! I leapt from my place on the floor and rushed to the door, throwing them open in face of the sun, caring not for its light bearing down on me. I stepped into that light and looked around.

Carnage was all around me.

Bodies littered the area across the sweep of space that was visible to me. There must have been hundreds strewn across that field. I sank to my knees, a wail of despair rose from my lips, anguish welling within. And to my deepest shame and regret, I relished and reveled in the experience of these emotions. I vacillated between sorrow, joy, and shame.

And just as quickly as these emotions arose, they vanished, swallowed by the void. I sat there, hips to my heels, an empty husk of who I once was, unable to feel any more sorrow at the atrocity I had committed. That _we_ had committed, true, but I played a part. All these people, they did not know of the all-consuming darkness within. They were all blissfully unaware of the insatiable hunger that guided my every movement, that drove my every behavior. In their ignorance, they knew not the monster they dealt with. They sought to punish me, not realizing that I was already being punished day after day, hour after agonizing hour. They did not—nay, _could not_—understand this coldness being so great as to render their own machinations meaningless. Despite this all, they failed to end me. I saw sweet release on the horizon, and it was mercilessly pulled away from me. I watched the hunger consume me. I watched it take control, my own will weak and defenseless against it.

There was a time when I could have cried at committing such an abominable act of violence. But I felt nothing. The slightest vestige of emotion was always summarily snatched away from me. Unless I had fed to the brim, and then fed until I was bursting. I was a monster, and I was powerless to stop myself.

The door opened behind me. The young man slowly stepped out into the sunlight. I knew the exact moment when he, too, realized what he had done, for I heard his knees hit the stone. If he felt anything at all, then he too was dealing with that horrid mix of revulsion, sorrow, joy, and shame. If he felt nothing, then he was experiencing this through the memory of sorrow.

I turned to look at him. He met my gaze as he always did with those dark, empty eyes. I felt his psychic impulses searching for confirmation that this really did happen. He too did not want to believe this. I shook my head. Disbelief, denial, delusion, they would only prevent us of acknowledging our own part in this massacre. I shrugged. We maintain some level of our humanity by taking accountability. He nodded. That was that.

We went through the painstaking process of cleaning up our mess. One by one, we checked the bodies for clothing we could wear and valuables we could use, then piled them over the unused wood that remained from the day before. After a few false starts, we lit the funeral pyre. I do not know if the young man prayed to any god; I never asked, he never spoke of it. As we stood there, watching the pyre burn, I made a silent prayer in the tradition of my old faith. May God watch over and protect these poor souls as they cross to the other side; a journey which, I was now sure of, I would never be allowed to make myself.
  
We returned to the small stone hut to sleep through the few hours that remained of the day. We woke at twilight, and busied ourselves breaking up and spreading the ashes of the bodies over the blood-soaked grounds. We worked diligently; though we had caused much destruction, I prayed that something beautiful would grow from out of the ruins. When we finished, we gathered our things and some horses and wandered away.