We traveled east, moving higher into foothills and mountains wherever we could. We bartered and sold the extra horses and what valuables we gathered as we progressed. Though it didn’t bring in much, what we managed to collect kept our horses fed, which kept us moving. For years, we had moved from one place to the next with naught but the clothes on our backs, the horses we rode, and spare change for food and lodging. This had changed somewhat after our recent massacre. Our shared desire was to find a secluded region in which to settle, one totally devoid of humans. To this end, we procured a coach and a wagon, along with all manner of tools and supplies for building a hut or house; whatever it was we would eventually call home.

Settlements thinned out, the further east we moved. Once we noticed it took us days to pass from one village to the next, we began to look for a likely place to park our meager caravan. Our journey took us high into a mountain range, through a slender, overgrown pass. As we carved our way through, we found an abandoned road that split from the main pass and ended on a wide plateau overlooking a great valley below. Hamlets littered the countryside, but appeared to be a safe enough distance away—only the most desperate hunger would drive us to cross the divide and feed from any of these places.

We fervently hoped that our commitment to seclusion would prevent us from seeking out food through even the worst of the hunger pangs we felt.

We busied ourselves to clearing away as much of the flora and debris that littered the small expanse. Once this was accomplished, we set to unloading the wagon. With the area clear and supplies prepared, we were ready to construct the shelter under which we would live out our final days, whatever those days may look like. However, one problem remained.

Neither of us knew how to build a house.

After some time discussion on how to approach the issue, we agreed that perhaps it may be best to hire artisans to accomplish this simple—yet formidable, due to our lack of competency—goal. We gathered what coin we had and I set off in search of the closest settlement whereby I might find craftsmen willing to come and do the work. Though secluded as the plateau was, the young man remained behind to keep on eye on our supplies and feed the horses.

Finding willing craftsmen was no easy task. The mountain range in which we desired to settle was said to be haunted, or worse, the domain of an incredible evil. It was not lost on me, this irony of the coincidence that the young man and I would choose to settle in a region that was whispered of in deep superstition. If only these people knew the truth! If there was no great evil that existed there before, there certainly did now. In spite of the reputation of the region, I postured as a man of faith. Conversing over flagons of mead and wine in taverns and inns late at night, I haggled with the villages, claiming I would work to ward away evil if only they would help me get settled where the evil appeared to be concentrated.

I was met with such absolute disbelief and fear. Some people laughed at me. I took no ill feelings from these responses. First, feeling anything was well beyond me now, so long had it been since I last fed. Second, it was difficult to speak with conviction about which I had absolutely no belief and having little to no exercise in spreading falsehoods. I may have once been a man of faith, but that was a lifetime ago. But if only they knew! Warding evil may not have been the truth, but in helping us establish ourselves in such a secluded spot, I believed these people would be helping themselves be rid of us. I dropped the act of clergyman and instead appealed to their fear: with their help, I would receive the machinations of the evil on their behalf. I would, in essence, be their sacrifice to whatever evils had taken hold in the mountain pass.

One settlement found this agreeable. Almost too agreeable, but I thought not much of this, as I was happy to have finally earned their trust and receive the help I so desired. They mounted a team of several craftsman, their wives, and a few strongmen to see them safely arrive at the site and return upon this project’s completion. Together, we made the arduous climb to the plateau.

Travel was slow, as I insisted that we travel only under the cover of darkness. I used the excuse that I suffered from a rare malady of the skin that made travel by day unbearable. Though there was some apprehension of traveling at night, they conceded to this arrangement. I was puzzled at their willingness to so easily go along with my requests, but decided I would find in due time why they acquiesced with naught much more than puzzled expressions and shrugs. Conversation was lively and hope swirled all around us. It was difficult to temper the hunger within, but I managed to rein it in and maintain a serene posture. I was, at first, confused as to why this troupe felt so, but then all was made clear: man’s greed knows no boundaries. It soon came out that this excitement was due to the prospect of reopening trade routes. If the evil in the mountains could be dispelled or at least satiated for a time, then the village would prosper as a result of gaining access to routes and goods that no other settlement had access to.

This posed a problem. If this mountain pass became a regular trade route, none passing through would be safe from the hunger for long. I could let this play out—allow the trade routes to reopen, and over time, after enough travelers had disappeared, watch them close again out of the sane superstition and fear. This was not agreeable to me, however. I would need to find a solution.

This excitement was short-lived. While the troupe had started off with a great deal of energy, their mood turned somber as the weight of superstitious fear settled over their shoulders across the miles.

After a few days travel, we arrived at the plateau. All was as I had left it. The young man was close to the edge at the end of the plateau, seated in meditation. I would not have been surprised to find that he done so the entire time I was gone, breaking only to feed and exercise the horses. However, I did not ask. He was calm and controlled, and the horses were unharmed.

We did what we could to keep the hunger contained when we were in full control of ourselves.

The troupe circled their wagons close to the entry of the plateau and began to unload supplies. It was nearing dawn when they had finally unloaded everything and settled their camp. In speaking with the foreman, I pointed out our wagon, that the young man and I would be resting there during the day and provided clear instructions that we were not to be disturbed, as this malady from which he and I suffered was worse in daylight and spread easily if not closely contained. This aside, they were welcome to work day or night, or both as they saw fit. Any concerns could be raised at twilight or just before dawn if they chose to work only during the day. This only served to heighten the superstition and fear in the foreman, as was evident by his expression, but he schooled himself well enough and relayed the information to the rest of the troupe. Finally, we all settled down as dawn broke.

The craftsmen were stellar at the their jobs. It seemed that we had no sooner arrived than they were nearing completion of our abode. While it was no grand affair, it was still far more than the young man and I had considered. Together with what we had provided and what they were able to source from the surrounding woods, they had built what appeared to be a humble tavern. The building sat close to the plateau’s entrance, and contained a spacious common room, kitchen, and a number of rooms—far too many for them all to be of use to just the young man and I. Alongside this building, open-air stables were erected. Our horses would have shelter, our wagon and carriage would be safely stored, and the young man and I could live quietly away from bustling locales.

Yet I was suspicious, and I brought my suspicions to bear upon the foreman. Appealing to his superstition and sense of self-preservation, I made it clear that the evil residing in these lands was not to be taken lightly. They had built a wayfare place for travelers to rest on their journey from one side of the mountains to the other. However, no such rest would take place. Any who stopped en route would be in grave danger of death, or worse. He laughed a little fearful laugh at the idea that anything could be worse than death. I told him that on the morning after the completion of the building, we would have an accord with the troupe, and I would show them myself what “worse” looked like.

That morning arrived. As the craftsmen awoke and the troupe began striking camp, I appeared to them and cast off my cloak under the rays of light spreading over the horizon. The somber mood quickly turned sour; fear and terror clouded their faces at the sight of what I had become. Decades of hiding away from the sun, of reducing food intake as a result of altered cravings, and the outward expression of the inner turmoil I daily faced had changed me. In dark taverns and inns, under cover of a closely held cloak, it was easy to pass myself off as another human. But out here under the sun, all misdirection was lost. My body, once plump and round, was now emaciated, my skin pulled taught across my bones, my cheeks hollow, my eyes empty and lifeless. My skin, once darkly browned from my work in the gardens of the abbey, was now white and ashy, though smooth and almost translucent. I heard gasps; I heard names. Some called me ghost. Some called me demon. All crossed themselves.

I admonished them, explaining that I kept the evil at bay by allowing it to feed upon me. By remaining alone on this mountain, the young man and I kept the darkness from traveling into the nearby villages. And all at once, an idea formed in my mind: if they intended to reopen and repurpose this pass, they would need to provide the evil thing with sustenance. Once a month, bring us two of the worst among you, I told them. Those condemned to death should be brought to die on this plateau. Do this, I told them, and we would work to keep the pass open and safe for travel.

The foreman said nothing. Instead, they abandoned their camp and fled the plateau. I sensed their fear, and struggled to school myself, to keep from flying after them and dragging back their slowest.

Later that week, I awoke in the evening to find two men, hooded and bound, chained to a stake driven deep in the center of the plateau. They lived. They wept. I sent an impression of these men to the young man who soon joined me. Taking one man each, together we fed. Once we had drained them of all feeling, of all life, we threw their bodies onto a small pile of wood and burned them, a fire that was seen far across the wild expanse of the countryside that lay in the mountains’ shadows. We stood beneath the full moon, watching the fire burn, unaware that we shared this moment with countless others who wondered at the fire from below.

That night, I did not know what we had begun, but it had begun. We had created something beyond our control. Or reckoning.