Our plan worked like a charm! The young man and I remained at our plateau, venturing out only to forage or exercise the horses. Otherwise, anything we needed was brought to us on the full moon of each month. The mountain pass was reopened and travelers and merchants all passed through unassailed. Villagers across the countryside whispered of humans-become-monsters as part of a great sacrifice that was renewed on the full moon of each month to keep the evil in the mountains at bay. 

The fire we lit to burn the corpses we fed on served to feed these rumors, creating a sort of frenzy across the country. As all manner of goods poured into region, as villages turned into towns, we began see bonfires sprout up in celebration as we lit our own. Sprinkled across the countryside, we saw more and more fires alight with each passing year.

We began to see supplicants arrive from the villages and towns below. Individuals who had personally gained from the increase in trade or whose family’s lives had improved. We were careful to stay away from these supplicants, though their high emotion sparked fevered hunger within us. These supplicants came and went, often bringing gifts of their own. As the months passed, more and more of these pilgrims arrived and moved on. We had need for naught.

The village that had originally worked with me to create our homestead had grown wealthy; their faith in my endeavor had proven lucrative. They regularly sent emissaries, former craftsmen-turned-politicians to appeal to me to open the plateau as a resting place to the merchants that traveled over the pass. These dealings took place at twilight, and only with the former foreman and his two closest associates. Everything was relayed by them between myself and the young man, and the other interested parties that traveled as representatives of their respective locales.

I resisted at first, but as part of their appeal—with no mention that this was part—they began to deliver twice as many bodies on the full moon. I was reproachful during their next visit; lives were no simple a thing as to be thrown away in exchange for something so arbitrary as a waypoint, I admonished. They argued that as their village had grown, so had criminal activity increased; the threat of being brought to the mountain was a powerful deterrent, but only so far as that threat was made real. Most were suspicious of what we did here with the criminals provided to us. But as they never returned, nor were ever seen or heard from again, it was a suitable threat. Commit the worst atrocities and be fed to the devil, they told their constituents.

 They weren’t entirely wrong.

The hunger relished the extra helping. When the young man and I fed from our second person each, there was joy and pleasure sprinkled in among the subtle pacification of the hunger that occurred after each feeding. I was driven by this teasing of emotion to finally acquiesce to a rest stop. But certain conditions would first need to be met.

The tavern they had built would not suffice as our place of residence; we could not guarantee the safety of any traveler so long as we resided next to them. Nay, a crypt must be built. I haggled with the ambassadors to have a dwelling built into the mountainside. They argued about the extent of the work. I argued the temptation would prove too great otherwise; their trade would shrivel up as quickly as it had begun once merchants learned they were unsafe to stay at the waypoint. Along with this request, I included a series of very specific demands, many of which dealt with the security of the crypt and the handling of the criminals that were delivered for our sustenance. These discussions were made ever more complicated by the arrival and inclusion of priests from various factions. Apparently, as news of our great sacrifice spread, so did our notoriety. These people were worshipping us as heroes. What madness! And yet, here they were, emissaries of a growing faith whose practitioners wanted to do their part in the continued success of this region.

After much negotiation, the ambassadors eventually agreed to have a stone hut built that would open to a stairway leading into the depths of the mountain. They would build it in the middle of the plateau. Furthermore, I demanded that we have full privacy on the full moon when the offerings were provided. This brought up more requests: the priests wanted an altar built at the sight of the fire on which the fire would be raised. And they wanted to preside over it. I adamantly discouraged this, appealing to their sense of reason and self-preservation. Fool that I was to think any person of deep religious belief would be reasonable! I should have known better; I was once one among them. The priests were determined. I voiced my concerns about the extent to which they would be involved. But as everything was working according to plan and our hunger was kept at bay, I eventually allowed it. Send us women to hold the ceremonies, I told them. They at least would have compassion over the souls offered to us in supplication. The priests fervently agreed. Temple coffers were opened across the region and numerous locales contributed to the construction of the crypt and the altar. Construction was soon begun, and it was not long before the work was completed.

During construction, the young man and I made camp high above the plateau, where we could better control the impulses that originated from the hunger within. We watched from afar, with our heightened senses, all that was being done on the plateau. Each month on the night of the full moon, the plateau was made deserted save for the four criminals bound to the stake close to where the altar would be built. The young man and I would slip down onto the plateau, have our feast, then leave the bodies to the women who arrived to light the fire and cast the bodies into it. When construction was completed, the young man and I struck camp and stole into the crypt.

At first, the arrangement worked splendidly. The offerings were chained to an iron ring directly in front of the door of the hut. Living quarters were erected for the women that would serve as priestesses far from the hut and the tavern. A gate was raised that separated the tavern from the rest of the plateau. There were only two standing rules with regard to taking rest or residence on that plateau: no man could step onto the plateau unless they were delivering the humans to be sacrificed, and the plateau was to be abandoned on the night before the full moon, when the young man and I would feed. Two simple rules to which adherence should have been easy.

For a while, they were obeyed. Travelers of all stripes would step off the path and remain a night or two at the tavern before moving on. They were warned not to cross the threshold established by the gate. The keepers of the inn were hardy folk from the town which had originally built it, and were clear in their instructions to guests. They rotated often, with no set of keepers remaining for more than a fortnight at a time. As part of our agreement, a small portion of their profits were turned over to us. In addition to this humble sum, we required that criminals who were brought as sacrifice have their belongings sold and that money kept on their persons as added penance for their crimes. This often amounted to very little, but every so often, someone of rank would be revealed as vile enough to be delivered into the mountains. With our needs being few, our coffers grew quickly.

However, this drew unwanted attention. As our coffers grew, so did the reckless courage of a few locals. On one occasion, we caught a few men attempting to gain access into the crypt. Even during the day, when our slumber was deepest, our heightened senses picked up the exertions of men as they worked to broach the seal of our stone hut. In a fury, I unsealed the door and the young man and I set ourselves loose upon them. There must have been at least a dozen of them. We made short work of them, tearing them apart and eating their souls as they desperately attempted to flee.

The women who served as priestesses had witnessed the entire affair. Afraid of what the men would do to them, they had shuttered themselves in. Upon hearing their howls and cries of pain, they had come to witness their plight. The young man and I noticed this and were mortified, despite the rush of emotions and vibrancy we felt at having fed on such a fine meal. We dropped the limp bodies we held and stood staring at the women who stared at us in return. I expected them to run screaming.

I learned to never underestimate the strength of devotion of the faithful. The young man and I, once heralded as heroes, became their gods that day.

One of the women slowly approached. I could sense her apprehension; I could smell her fear. The young man and I signaled to each other through our psychic connection, and I was comforted that we were in agreement to not bring harm to these women. I attempted to send comfort in the same way to the woman who approached, unaware that I was trying to communicate with her as I had communicated with the young man. Though I did not know if my impressions came across as intended, there was a noticeable change in her demeanor. She stepped forward with a little less fear, a little more confidence, and when she was only a few feet away, she sank to her knees and lay prostrate before us. The other women followed.

The young man and I just stood there, under the hellish sun, unsure of what to do. Finally, the first woman rose and asked what we required of them. Speaking plainly, I told them we wanted the heads removed and the bodies hung around the hut, as an example to trespassers. The heads should be put on stakes and placed at the threshold between the hut and the tavern as additional warnings to any who would dare consider stepping across. At the next full moon, I gave them permission to burn the bodies and the heads with the next sacrifice. And I gave them permission to tell whatever tale they found fit to tell with regard to the bodies of robbers.

This seemed well with them. The young man and I returned to our slumber. At twilight, I rose and stepped forth from the crypt to see if my desires had been fulfilled. The women were clean and precise; the area appeared as if no struggle had taken place, with the grounds cleansed of blood and bone. The bodies were nailed to wooden slats that were raised against the four sides of the hut. The heads were raised at regular intervals along the threshold to our portion of the plateau. I could see the wary eyes of travelers as they paused entering or exiting the tavern, taking in the gruesome display. Though I was cloaked in the shadow of the mountain, my figure was still visible in the moonlight. I felt the fear of these people as they quietly moved around the grounds of the tavern and stables. The young man came to see the women’s handy work as well, and I could feel his amusement at their craftiness and at the travelers’ concerned visages and fear.

This may be enough for now, I projected to the young man, but it wouldn’t be an effective deterrent forever. With one final look around, I resolved to arrive at a solution before anything more malevolent occurred, and returned to the crypt.