An embassy comprised of various members from different towns soon arrived, full of concern. The priestesses were non-plussed at the requests to remove the heads from the threshold and the bodies from the hut. The men whose heads were so garishly displayed had attempted to defile the very grounds upon which lived their gods. They reminded the townsfolk of the work their gods did to hold the darkness in the hills at bay.

This did not sit well with the townsfolk. Many considered abandoning the offerings altogether; who among them still believed evil spirits dwelt in these mountains? There were, however, a few among them who were present on the day following the completion of the tavern. They remembered the beings that had revealed themselves. They remembered the malady that lived a stone’s throw away. They knew what was at stake should they terminate their agreement. And they held sway over the group. They spoke of ill-tidings and unknown consequences should they fail to fulfill their end of the bargain. Would they all return to the lives of fear they endured before the lighting of that first bonfire so many years ago?

The townsfolk, though uncomfortable, conceded that nothing untoward had slipped down the pass in recent years, that whatever spirits existed in the hills seemed to be appeased. The priestesses reprimanded the ambassadors, calling them impotent in their ability to provide a suitable defense. Despite their best intentions, men with no regard for the well being of their towns and countryside were able to trespass against their living gods in the most vile of ways. Some of the members present were family of the deceased; they cried out against such claims, refusing to believe their kin would arrive with hostile intent. They repeated their desire to have the heads and bodies removed from the area. Standing their ground, the priestesses assured the townsfolk that come the next full moon celebration, the bodies and heads would be removed and offered in supplication alongside the offerings that were delivered.

The kin became heated; the rest of the delegation worked to bring peace to the negotiations. While there was general agreement that the offerings would continue to arrive, there was concern about posting a guard. A growing concern among was how much they would be expected to give up and provide as the years wore on. The initial excitement of their growing wealth was beginning to wear off; ingratitude and greed were rearing their heads.

The two groups separated and decided to continue discussions the following evening. This was all related to myself and the young man by the lead priestess later after that first night of discussion. I relayed to them the importance of finding a peaceful path forward. Over the many years I lived with this gnawing darkness within, I had done what I could to minimize harm to my fellow man. I worked tirelessly to separate myself from them, to spare them the knowledge of my existence, to spare them the experience of my hunger. The hell into which these people would be plunged would be worse than they could ever imagine, should this hunger reach its fevered pitch and drive me from this remote place to feed.

Do what you can, I encouraged the priestess. See that they see. The very fabric of this world relies on it.

The following night, the delegation and the priestesses met once again. There was, however, no bargaining. The townsfolk asked, once again, that the heads and bodies be removed, and that they would consider posting a guard, that they needed to return with these terms and discuss them in their respective locales. They left that night, without further discussion.

This was ill boding. I sensed that things would turn foul. When the priestess finished relaying the message, I dismissed her, encouraging patience. Let us see what comes of these discussions.

That full moon, there was no offering given.

The young man and I stood before the empty iron ring. The priestesses had dutifully removed the bodies and prepared for the funeral pyre, but showed deep concern with regard to how we would respond to this conscious choice of the townspeople below. Though the hunger rose within, before turning to any rash decisions, I imparted to my companion instructions to search the pass. Perhaps the offering had been waylaid. The young man collected one of our horses and rode away. In the meantime, I asked the women to refrain from placing the bodies of these men on the altar. The fire was only to be lit when the original terms of our agreement were fulfilled. Terror gripped the hearts of the women at hearing this. A few of them were old enough to remember what life had been like before the pass had been reopened. Wide eyes bore down on me. I quietly assured them, both verbally and telepathically, that no harm would come to them on my part.

The young man soon returned. He had met with a few travelers approaching the pass and they all knew nothing of any such offering. One even recalled that the offerings had been canceled by their town. I became flustered. Frustrated. I could sense the young man’s bitterness and desire. We shared a look. That we each could feel anything was not a good sign. How strong would these emotions grow before were consumed by them? How far would we go to consummate these feelings and resolve them, to gain that sensation of pleasure once again, to vacillate between ecstasy, self-revulsion, and shame? I instructed the priestesses to return to their respective homes and deliver unto their people a message: so long as the fire was not lit on this plateau, the devils of this mountain would be allowed to run free. The women gathered their meager belongings and left that very night.

When the last priestess had left, the young man and I turned our attention to the tavern. The smell of joy and carefree pleasure was always emanating from within, but never was it so delectable as it was on this night. The anger that arose from within became so great, that despite our feeding on those dozen of thieves earlier in the month, I was ready to feast on whatever soul was at hand. I knew I was being manipulated by the darkness within, but I was powerless to stop it. Despite my years of seclusion and meditation, no resolve of my own could overcome the puppeteer’s machinations, the control the darkness within was able to exert over me with such ease. Though I no longer felt sorrow, I yet remembered it, and I clung to that memory fiercely, though to no avail. With swift precision, the young man and I blocked the exits to the tavern, save the one that served as the entrance, and together we strode in, uncloaked.

The first to see us barely had time to open their mouths to scream before we tore into them. Shouts, cries, and curses arose, and one by one they were all cut off. It was over in a matter of moments: every man and woman had their limbs crushed and their tongues cut out, unable to do anything more than choke out their defiance as we proceeded to feed.

Well, almost everyone. We spared two children. They watched in terror as we each raised a body from which to drink, draining it of life and tossing it aside, moving calmly to the next. When we were finished, I kneeled down and gave the children a message to pass on to their elders: each night that a fire was not lit on the altar, a pair of lives would be taken from their towns. The two children were then seated on one horse, which led by my companion who rode another. At the base of the mountain, the children were removed from the horse and sent off on their own. While they traveled, I set to work tearing the heads from the bodies in the tavern and raising them at the entrance to the plateau. I then piled the bodies along the side of the pass.

Let any and all travelers know fear, and refrain from stopping at this waypoint.

Two days later, the delegation returned with a contingent of soldiers. They arrived during the day, thinking to catch us unaware. I sat inside the door that opened into the stone hut, at the top of the stairs. The young man was not far, hiding in the hills to the side of the plateau. My awareness was spread out over the plateau, and what I sensed was echoed by what my companion saw. My companion, and also, my new pets. As the soldiers surrounded the hut, a great howling arose all around them. I sensed their fear, I _felt_ their hackles rising. The scent of their fear was powerful! I was amazed at this extension of my own senses, and the vibrancy of it. I turned my attention to the leader and commanded it to strike. In the moments that followed, I was aware of a large pack of wolves streaming in from one side, pouring through the trees, running straight toward the men that surrounded the hut. The men turned to face this threat and were rushing to protect their charges when I felt the impression from my companion: he had unleashed his pack as well.

The soldiers had no chance. As they raised their arms to face the threat from one direction, they were overtaken by a threat from another. The wolves tore at their throats, at their limbs. The men fell at the fringes, though this bought the others time to regroup. It was then that I rose and opened the door, stepping into the sun to face the captain and the men that remained to me. I can only imagine what they perceived. I snatched glimpses of it through impressions of their emotion but was not yet strong enough in this power to piece together a full picture. Still, their terror revealed to me all I needed to know.

 They knew they were damned.

The wolves had stopped attacking at our respective commands and were circling the remaining soldiers and those of the delegation. This was wrong. I knew this wrong, but what did that matter. Time after time I was carried away by the tides of emotion, incapable of exerting my own will over them. This time, it was haughtiness and anger. This time it was righteous retribution.

“And Jesus said to Peter, ‘he who lives by the sword dies by the sword.’”

No sooner had these words left my lips, any spark of hope that remained to these men was forfeit. For what power did their god hold over a monster who invoked the very scriptures against them? Several fell to their knees and wept. The wolves kept any from running.

I approached the captain, slowly, quietly, methodically. I stopped a few feet from him, just out of his reach. I breathed heavily. He stared at me, terror and darkness clouding his inner vision. I turned from him and walked toward the delegation, my companion joining me from the opposite direction. Between the two of us, we pulled and fed on a few of them, watching as the others screamed and writhed, unable to fight, unable to run, unable to act. One among them managed to slice their own neck; I threw that one to the wolves. When the young man and I had eaten our fill, we turned away from the few that remained of the delegation. I approached the captain and told him in no uncertain terms that if he, or any other soldier for that matter, stepped foot on this plateau ever again, they would witness this carnage take place in their very towns.

I instructed them to leave the bodies of the fallen and admonished them on future action. Any further communication would take place through their temples. And we expected our offerings to begin again, at sevenfold our original ask. They turned and left without another word.