The wolves were not my idea. The young man broached the topic as we considered how best to deal with the aftermath of our massacre of the tavern guests. Dogs had for centuries served as man’s guardian and protector. Why not train a pack of dogs to be our guardians ourselves?

I was doubtful of the efficacy of this suggestion. My first, very human, concern was for the well being of the animals. I feared they may prove to be too much of a temptation to have near. My companion countered with the knowledge that we kept horses that remained strong and healthy and were largely unaffected by their presence. Likewise, there was a small group of women that had lived in close proximity, and we had managed to refrain from consuming them as well. So long as we fed regularly, the young man argued, those in our vicinity and in our care remained untouched by the evil residing within.

They were fair points.

My second concern was how we would go about training them in such short time. Fearing that we may eventually become dependent on the land around us, the young man admitted to experimenting with feeding upon smaller animals. I was incensed, or rather, my mind recoiled at learning of this. But he assured me that he spared the animals any suffering; as they were small, he consumed and killed them quickly. What he was most reticent to impart was that he had also played with turning a few of the them. I would have been angry were I capable of feeling anything; angry and repulsed. The young man could sense the direction of my thoughts and was immediately penitent. Though he knew it had been wrong, he had experimented anyway; there had to be a way to end this malady, to kill the demon within. What he discovered was at once fascinating and terrible: if he turned a creature, he could destroy it by taking its head off.

The memory of revulsion is what I experienced at learning of this, though I felt nothing. I inquired as to why I hadn’t felt the change myself, explaining the outflow of the darkness that occurred when I turned him. He shrugged, describing a similar experience but it being on so minuscule a scale as to hardly be noticeable. Speaking as if this was the most casually topic to discuss in the world, he ventured to suggest that the larger the creature, the greater outflow. The idea sickened me, though of course, I felt nothing. Yet he was adamant: let us turn a wolf and see. We keep it contained and if it lies out of our control, we destroy it.

I asked him why he hadn’t divulged the information on how we might be destroyed. He responded by telling me to examine myself closely, that I already knew the answer to that question. So I did; of course, this infernal being that resided within kept close control of our actions and manipulated our motives. The young man and I had naught but the illusion of autonomy. We were in control insofar as it meant our continued existence. This had been proven time and time again. But this also raised another question, for the young man destroyed the creature he turned. The difference, he told me, was impulse. The moment he created it, he destroyed it. Comprehension came swiftly; for he or I to kill one another or ourselves required premeditated effort. It would never work.

We were truly damned.

All this time, I had held on to the final vestiges of what remained of my humanity, hoping against hope that I may one day be freed from this prison. The longer I lived, the more I fed, the greater my desire to find a solution to my plight. I had even carried with me the talisman I was given so long ago, eager to find in it some repose. I knew I had not exhausted every resource available, but I feared returning to the church to discover that my former superiors had intentionally created the monster that I became. In the halls of our libraries existed innumerable tomes that dealt with the occult. I could return and seek assistance, but I feared to be captured and made use of for whatever machinations they dreamed, should it turn out true that this was their intended course.

What did it matter that I hid? That I ran? If they had, indeed, set this series of events in motion intentionally, it would only be a matter of time before I was found out and they came for me. Word would travel far of what the massacres we had committed on our way to this once secluded spot, and then again of the threat we posed to the communities that thrived below us.

Nay, all that remained to me was to accept my plight.

Oh how weak of will that I was! Were these truly my own thoughts? Or were these thoughts the infernal machinations of the emptiness that resided within? I did not know! I was no longer able to discern what yet remained to me of my own free will and what was held well within the grasp of the darkness. I stayed up that night in vigil and prayer. I sought clarity; I wanted peace! But no clarity or peace was to be found, not that night, nor across the decades prior. In the morning, I gave the young man and his abysmal idea my blessing. It appeared I had resigned myself to embodying the hunger fully. Whatever remained of my humanity slipped away that afternoon as we caught and turned a pair of wolves.

The wolves healed quickly; partially due to our attempts at minimizing how much damage we did to their bodies, partially due to already having awareness of the process. As they came around, the memory of sadness gave way to fascination: while I was not able to control the animals’ impulses, I was able to direct their attention and influence their actions. The wolves maintained a level of agency similar to my companion and I, but would bend to our will without too much effort on our part. Furthermore, the hunger was once again dramatically reduced, now having four forms to thrive on instead of only two. We set about testing the limits of our command over the animals, and quickly learned we held very little unless we impressed our will upon them greatly. However, with some practice we were able to bind them to the singular purpose of servitude. I felt strongly that our bonds with these animals would improve over time. Satisfied with what we learned that day, we set about turning several more wolves and weaving together our own packs through the night.

The events of the following day have already been relayed.

With the captain and his men, and the remaining members of the delegation gone, we set about cleaning the plateau. We spared some of those not yet dead so as to feed them to the wolves, letting them absorb what life force yet remained. As each beast satiated itself, the young man and I felt satiated ourselves. Of course, this feeling of satisfaction did not last—it never did—but this provided us with the knowledge that any one of us that fed, man or beast, fed us all. This was an important detail I failed to understand in my earlier days traveling with the young man; I realized I was able to keep the hunger at bay for many days at a time, not because I had become more proficient at schooling the hunger, but because the hunger we shared was being fed when the young man would feed. This feeling of satisfaction was extended to us both.

We decapitated the bodies once they were drained completely, and piled them on the altar. We then commanded the wolves to wait on the far side of the plateau while we burned down the tavern. The wolves lazily padded over to the edge, settled down, and spent the afternoon and early evening grooming themselves and each other, and napping.