We made good on our word. Despite the massacres on the plateau, caravans continued to cross the pass; we sent our wolves to harry the unwary merchants, those who thought they could spare themselves any trouble by simply avoiding the plateau. We impressed deeply upon the wolves that they should return with no more than two bodies, and to refrain from injuring anyone else however possible. It was unnecessary to impress upon them that they should protect each other; the darkness within would see to that, beyond their own survival instincts.

Fear spread of the growing danger in the mountains. It didn’t take long before the caravans began traveling with armored guards. Townspeople began sending hunting parties into the pass to keep it clear of the wolves. This worked to our advantage as, for the time being, there was no need to travel down out of the pass to claim our victims; they were unwittingly provided to us. The hunting parties quickly trickled to a stop, and with them, the caravans.

The settlements may not have starved from the ended trade, but unable to keep the darkness in the mountains at bay, they would be forced to flee the region or die trying to stave off the killings and kidnappings. This time, their adversary was known to them. I had tried to remove myself from the world of man entirely. Failing that, I had tried to be kind in my dealings and clear in my actions. However, nothing would satiate the greed of man, and their greed and pride had forced my hand. I would show them that there was a hunger far more insatiable than their greed.

 Their greed soon gave way and their pride soon gave out.

The next full moon, our priestesses returned, bloody and broken, but with fourteen captives in tow. Working alongside the women, we chained the captives to the iron ring and then helped the women get settled. We learned that upon returning to their respective locales, the women were teased and berated. The temples had closed their doors and there was nowhere to turn. Fearing for their lives, they admonished the townsfolk to heed their warnings and offer supplication to the gods on the mountain. For this, they were beaten and starved. When travelers and merchants began disappearing, when hunting parties failed to return in full, when trade dried up, only then were the temple doors thrown open once again, the priestesses reinstated, and the offerings taken up once again.

I looked into their fearful and weary faces. I saw pain reflected across the lot of them. My companion and I were silently conversing through it all, and we came to an accord: gathering the women after they had settled, we offered them a choice. Live as humans, and we would provide what protection and succor we could, or cross the divide and become like us and be able to protect themselves.

The women were largely interested in the transformation. I went to great lengths to describe what they would be giving up and what they would be receiving in return. I described the hunger in detail, explaining the dissolution of reason and ego in the process, how even in that moment I was unsure if this was a boon given consciously of my own true volition or directed manipulation of the darkness within. They looked on us with terror and awe; would they become the very thing they feared?

The women unanimously accepted. They described the terror they experienced in being cast from their homes, in being abused and belittled by the communities they once cherished. The people below will only answer to monsters, they said; and so, they were prepared to become the monsters those people would answer to.

It seemed my transformation was complete; I no longer cared to protect humanity from this darkness within.

I turned them that night. Fourteen women; fourteen captives. I showed them how to feed, how to take life completely, how to absorb the essence, in much the same way I had taught the young man. The feeling of a deep hunger satisfied filled us all to the brim. Such elation and ecstasy at such a meal! The wolves howled in delight, the women flushed with pleasure. It lasted for no more than a moment, but what incredible bliss that moment was. We relished in its memory, and then the wailing began. The women were becoming aware of the terrible sacrifice they had made. Some sank to their knees in a hollow gesture of sorrow. Others pleaded for us to end them. I shared my thoughts with them through silent impressions: there was no turning back. There was no end. I warned you. You insisted. Now you are damned.

We all were.

I eventually cut the wailing short; we had work to do. There was the matter of our agreement with the people down below. Though monsters we were, we would hold to our part of the bargain. The offering had been made and consumed. Now the fire must be lit. Working together, the women, and my companion and I tossed what remained of the bodies over the rotting corpses already piled on the altar. Together, we gathered and prepared the wood for burning. The wolves leapt and ran around us as we combed the forest for tinder and fire wood; they lounged before the altar as we stuffed kindling in and around the bodies and piled the wood high over them. And when the fire blazed, there arose such a foul smell, we were all forced to back away. The stench soon passed, however, and we stepped to the edge of the plateau, looking over the countryside below us.

One by one, bonfires rose from the various towns in response to our own. The covenant was carried out and made complete once again. Were I able to feel anything at all, I would have felt such deep sorrow. I had lost my way. I was no longer human. I was no longer compassionate. Once, long ago, I was a man of cloth in service to my fellow man. Now, I stood far above my fellow man, demanding their servitude. Were I able to feel anything at all, I would have felt revulsion and horror, anger and sadness, and such unfathomable pain. But I felt nothing. Not one of us standing at the edge that night felt anything at all. We watched those fire alight with no joy. We stood together, a coven of monsters, hollow and empty, puppets of a will that transcended our humanity and bent us each to its will. The fire consumed the bodies as the hunger consumed our souls.

In truth, we were all damned.