The next few years moved forward slowly. In accepting my station and situation, so did I become acclimated. In contrast to clinging to my humanity, in which I was hollow and forlorn in my memory of empathy and willful desire to _feel_, I became stoic and steadfast. I no longer shunned the sunlight. With the rekindling of the fire came a renewed faith among those who resided below us, and a new contingent of priests and supplicants made their way to the plateau. Though the women dealt with these pilgrims directly, the young man and I no longer hid. To witness beauty was to observe the rays of light as they poured over the edge of the plateau with each sunrise, as well to appreciate the fiery tapestry of the evening sky with each sunset. Oh how I had missed the sunlight! As I no longer mourned the loss of my feelings, so did I no longer despise the sun.

Little by little, fear once again gave way to promise. The people of the valley below were thriving, and were devising ways upon which they might further capitalize on their successes. With goods of all kinds arriving through the pass, the people had become industrial, creating and exporting their own goods and services, which in turn gave way to even more riches. Towns grew into small cities. Small cities grew into larger ones. With success comes the peculiar feature of attracting all manner of people, some with benign motives, others with malevolent ones, and all with hope. We could sense it all in the larger caravans that traveled through the pass.

We on the plateau held a similarly peculiar influence in the livelihoods of those residing below. It is a rather strange thing to be living gods to a large community. With the supplicants came delegations with all manner of requests, most often for our blessings over one project or another. These we dismissed out of hand. What control could we exert over the machinations of man lest we be involved in them all, everywhere? Nay, we admonished them to take stock in the rule of fate: build however best they could and let events carry on as they would. This soon became a general rule across the land. We quickly learned that anything we said or did would be repeated, twisted, contorted, interpreted to meet the needs of the moment. We learned to say little when these delegations arrived.

We did, however, provide some support where their primary trade route was concerned. We had spies everywhere, and regularly sent out the wolves to patrol the pass, keeping it clear of brigands and ruffians who thought to make easy sport of the passing caravans. Trading hubs were responsible for the safety of travelers approaching the pass on either end, but all were confident in the safety of traveling through it. As a token of gratitude, we often found silver lining the pockets of those committed to us as offerings, cartloads of trinkets made of gold and precious stones, and lavish clothing. This was at first a humorous gesture. Of what need did we have for these riches? This soon became somewhat of an annoyance as these gifts slowly took over a good amount of space in our crypt.

It did feel nice to dress in fine clothes, however. Never once in my life had I ever experienced this luxury. None of us on that plateau had.

A waypoint was once again requested, but we denied the request. Instead, we commissioned a temple to be built on the plateau. We originally planned to create the structure ourselves, but again, we were not masters of building or design. We met with craftsmen, intelligent but crafty men who were willing to throw caution in the face of terror and make demands that catered to merchants and politicians alike. We slaughtered these fools and hung their entrails over the entrance to the path that brought supplicants to the plateau. Let those craftsmen and merchants who dared cross that threshold hold higher regard for the gods of this land, and far greater respect. The next team of craftsmen were far more agreeable. We came to terms on a design that left us all rather pleased, and the merchants mostly appeased. The temple would be largely open, with columns that spread out to either side of the crypt’s entrance and bleachers carved into the face of the mountain on either side of the plateau angled to face the alter and the fire. The crypt would be expanded to include living quarters for those who remained on the plateau—the young man and I, our priestesses, a small contingent of priests, and a bevy of servants—as well as space for our growing treasury. Behind the temple would be erected a giant hall from which a kitchen, reading room, guest rooms, and other amenities would branch.

The essence of the temple would be leisure and focus. Supplicants often arrived to serve and worship on the plateau, and to ensure the sanctity of the rights as postulated by the priestesses; we deigned to encourage this behavior. Furthermore, travelers seeking rest at the temple would find rest and succor, though they be inducted into the local mythology. A plain wood building was erected that would serve as our temporary quarters and construction was begun.

With regard to our growing wealth, we determined it served no purpose to mindlessly hoard the gifts we were provided; we began negotiating with lenders to invest our wealth in the local economies. Businesses were sprouting all around us. Through investing in the brightest among these, we would contribute to the overall success of the region; amplify our own holdings; and have these funds held in custody by reputable members of the financial markets, thus releasing a good amount of space on our spacious, yet limited, plateau. Well, reputable to us, anyway. While we dealt with men as men, they knew us as gods, and unforgiving ones at that. The rotting entrails along the side of the pass were proof enough of this fact.