It was not, in fact, all smooth sailing from this point forward. As construction began on our temple, we had no shortage of minor rebellions to quell and convenient mishaps to address. Humans sought to test our limits and would goad us in whatever creative manner they dreamed up. A large majority of the time, these were minor inconveniences, but there were greater trespasses: thirteen captives instead of fourteen, alleged miscalculation of costs for building supplies, attempted vandalism of our temporary dwelling. When we would look over the minor inconveniences, the tests escalated. We became tired of dealing with these petty occurrences and began doling out escalating punishment.

The first time we were shorted a captive, three of our priestesses traveled down to the closest city and dragged away one of their politicians in the dead of night. The third time it happened, the full force of our priestesses was felt as they swept across the valley tearing into exactly fourteen people in each settlement below us. When the workers attempted to overcharge us for supplies the first time, we gave them a warning. The third time, we slaughtered the lot of them and instructed the foreman to hire a whole new team or share their fate. The vandals were dead on arrival; we began to punish sacrilege with impunity.

It seemed as though these humans _wanted_ violence. Their gods were angry and vengeful gods who satiated their bloodlust. It was bizarre. I was not one who understood the human psyche very well; as a man of the cloth, I had struggled to understand why man would so flagrantly defy God and his fellow man and sin intentionally against both. The bloodlust which plagued the people below us was as much a mystery to me. It was almost as if they acted for the purpose of being punished, and being punished severely.

Perhaps we had unknowingly trained them to exist so.

We issued an edict, delivered through the network of temples that had been raised for our worship: push us to the limits of our anger, and we would flood the valley with the blood of every man and woman, and everyone in between, that resided in it, and we would make their children watch. Though we no longer felt anger, it was an emotion that most people below, if not all, could recognize and empathize with. This did not have the desired effect; instead, the people were whipped into a frenzy. That full moon, the celebrations that took place below as extension to the fire on the plateau raged with more carnage and fury than ever before. It was madness, and they all reveled in it.

This violence would have concerned my former self. But I felt nothing. My companions, the young man and the priestesses, had not yet given themselves over to the darkness completely, and so were appalled at the growing intensity of it. While they felt nothing, their memory pulled at them. Their delicate morality was still at play in their reasoning, and so their minds revolted against it. Even the priestesses, who had been dealt such damaging blows in earlier years could not fathom the excess they witnessed.

I merely shook my head. Empty and hollow being that I was, what place did I have to judge them? I had murdered and consumed thousands in the last century. What did a few bloodthirsty games and grotesque rituals matter to me? Let them have their play, as long as they extended the proper respect and such debauchery was kept well in hand.

The region continued to grow despite—or, perhaps, as a result of—this wild abandonment of basic human morality. Courtesy gave way to hedonism; pleasure became king. Their gods imposed no moral order and they relished in it. This is what led me to believe our very presence influenced life in the valley. Throughout history, anarchist societies had trended toward general well-being. Not so here. Here were demon gods that reveled in darkness and human sacrifice. Here was every dark desire made possible. And all during the full moon. This had an interesting effect on the hunger: while it was momentarily satiated when we fed, it withdrew a bit further as shrieks and laughter and wails and song rose from the cities when the fire was lit. How interesting that this thing within me could sense such pleasure and terror from such a distance. The others felt it too. We all shared in the depths of the hunger as it grew and the ecstasy of emotion when we fed. As the festivals grew more wild and morbid, the hunger would withdraw further, for longer.

So of course, I encouraged this behavior.

Despite the simmering of the hunger, the priestesses condemned this behavior. They yet clung to their moral philosophies though they profited by my release of it. I could not blame them, however; I had held onto my own for nearly a century before finally letting go. I finally accepted that if there was a One True God, he had abandoned me to this evil. If that was the case, so be it. God needed his monsters. I would serve as a vessel for one. The priestesses did their part in holding me at bay. They intervened when I was working out the lunar calendar with a delegation of priests and priestesses representing the various temples below. I wanted the festivals extended, they demanded the festivals be pared down. We comprised on limiting the festivals to one night—the night of the full moon—but during that night, they could act as they wished. The temples in some cities chose to host and perform lavish ceremonies and sacrifices. Others promoted unmitigated pleasure and escape. All cities participated, and their citizens were free to worship however they wanted, and attend whatever event that pleased them.

One night of each month, but it was enough to fill us up and strengthen us. As the darkness absorbed this all, it continued to grow and grow and grow. We were contorted by it; reshaped. I was no longer averse to the sunlight, and so my skin bronzed over time. My companions did not fare similarly, as sunlight still teased them with hope; their skin remained milky white, almost translucent. Our limbs seemed to extend a bit farther, we each grew somewhat taller. We were lean but fleshy. We were unfathomably strong.

The wolves were changing as well, becoming larger and larger. There were other subtle changes taking place, a sort of _wrongness_ I couldn’t quite clearly express, but I was too concerned with my own transformation to give it much thought. The others noticed these changes as well, though they were ever so gradual. Our evolution was more apparent to those who made infrequent, but regular, visits to the plateau. Some of our … clergy … were acutely aware of how we shifted. Where once we were content with the lavish clothing we were provided as offerings, we soon required talented tailors to adequately produce clothing that would fit us appropriately.

Given the bloodthirsty nature our congregation had acquired, competition to become Tailor for the Living Gods was not exactly fierce. It was absolutely brutal. When faced with dismemberment or death—often times both—by competitors, most reputable tailors simply withdrew their applications to serve us directly. This posed a problem, as the ones who remained to murder and maim each other for the privilege were among the least skillful. At one point, I requested that all contenders be brought to the plateau so that we may judge their work and choose accordingly. Those that managed to survive or altogether avoid a knife in the dark were lined up at the edge of the plateau and fed to the wolves. We then sent word across official channels that no tailor would be chosen, and began searching for one covertly. This proved to be easier than anticipated—most tailors who had withdrawn their applications earlier on, and having witnessed the bloodbath that ensued between those who competed, were all to eager to keep their mouths shut. We chose a few tailors out of the bunch and allowed them to serve us in rotation.

Most private services we required ended up operating in much the same way. We encouraged our construction team to shut their mouths about their suppliers, as this was becoming a problem. Likewise, we admonished their suppliers to keep their mouths shut about providing services to the gods on the plateau. It wasn’t enough that a company be sanctioned by the gods to serve them directly; the greed and hedonism of man was at their peak in the valley, and many were willing to give up their own lives to put forward their names and services. The temples erected in our service were the only institutions that remained unsullied by such overt violence. The city-states each managed their own militias, and most merchants wealthy enough to do so hired private security forces. The average citizen learned early on that survival meant learning to fight, learning to kill, and learning to be clever. It was common to see children sparring with one another in the streets, and adults moving about with healthy paranoia. When everyone carried a knife and knew how to use it, most people were well-behaved.

Most. The more _ambitious_ commoners were delivered as offerings each full moon.

It was beyond my understanding as to why anyone would consciously choose to live in these conditions, but here they were, an entire region filled people who were thriving under such brutality. It seemed that for every individual that emigrated, three immigrated. There was no shortage of people; there was no shortage of blood.