The cities in the valley eventually merged into a large nation-state. The region was divided into twelve districts, each directed by the temple that had been developed there. In that time, the others I had turned on the plateau had surrendered to the darkness within. It had beaten us all; we were now its willing servants. The priestesses that once dwelt on the plateau had decided to take the reins of worship from their acolytes and were now each a High Priestess of the Temple, and ruled over the districts as such.

The nation-state served the Temple. The Temple served us. Nay, _we_ were the Temple. And the Temple was the State. The two were become one in a deliciously decadent Theocracy. The young man and I, along with the High Priestesses, comprised the Godhead. We ruled the spirit of the people as their gods, and we ruled their daily lives as kings and queens. Our word was law, and the people stumbled over themselves and each other to obey.

The Shrine of the Dark, what we christened the temple on the plateau, had been completed and was every bit as magnificent as we had hoped. Its splendor showered the valley below in a way the full moon fires had not: where the fires had exuded hope, the Shrine emanated success. Where hedonism thrived, excess was rampant, and the glory of the Shrine encapsulated such excess as was encountered no where else. Thousands traveled across the known world to admire its beauty. Many often remained. Despite there being no active attempts to convert travelers to the Faith, those who remained were often fast converts. Those that survived were bound heart and soul to the Temple and their service to it. The Faith was all. The Faithful were many. The Temple grew.

The valley was becoming crowded. The Faithful began considering extending their territory beyond the pass. This led to interesting discussions. While the Faithful were an overtly violent kind of people, they had never been war mongers. Such was the nature of the darkness: it fed on emotional extremes. A lust for power was out of its element. It is a curious comment to make, provided the trajectory of my life over the past two decades. I can appreciate the irony. I am fully aware of the position I hold and how I arrived to be in it. The simple fact is that it was all a matter of consequence: the consequence of bathing in the greatest level of emotion available. Once it was massacre; now it is revelry.

What cared I to rule these people? Fools that they were, we had to hold to our tongues more often than not for the circus they’d make of anything we said. The young man, feeling satiated by exposure through the High Priestesses had withdrawn from the world entirely and simply slept in the crypt. The High Priestesses managed well enough on their own, though I would serve as final arbiter in any decision that came to a head. All was discussed psychically; across the decades, we had honed our telepathic communication to produce a complete language. We were able even to impress our will upon those humans in close proximity. We spoke only when we absolutely had too.

The people had found it eerie at first, that a decree made or edict passed in one district had passed in them all simultaneously. The High Priestesses never left their temples, and the lower priests and priestesses rarely visited those of other districts. The people came to believe that the God of the Shrine had expressed His Will through the High Priestesses. The local lore became their mythology, and they became The Faithful. And here I was, empty and hungry, anticipating the following full moon’s festivals.

The offerings were no longer drawn up to the Shrine in full. Two captives were delivered regularly, to symbolize the humble origins of The Covenant. One captive was delivered to each of the High Priestesses. Fourteen to fulfill The Covenant each month. Our feeding symbolized its consummation. The young man and I no longer fed directly. We had no need. The High Priestesses drank from their cup, the wolves drank from ours. Furthermore, the High Priestess’ proximity to the decadent festivals more than just satiated the hunger; we were filled to overflowing, all of us. Nay, the young man now slept, and had slept for decades. I just watched. And anticipated.

The Faithful were indeed densely packed, and it would be another several centuries before man would learn to erect buildings that would allow them to live one on top of the other beyond two or three stories. So they sought to extend themselves beyond the pass. War was discussed at length in the Temples and meeting halls. However, they were all far too fiercely independent to organize themselves into a standing army. They ended up doing nothing as a nation. Rather, several families—often whole communities—simply moved, taking up residence in nearby settlements. They took their worship with them.