_I walked silently along a cobblestone road. It was night, if indeed this atmosphere could be called night. It was dark, to be more accurate. No stars shone in the clear sky; no moon. Where the dim light originated from that allowed me to see, I knew not. I knew only that I was walking, it was silent, and it was dark._

_But my emotions were awhirl. I felt exuberant. Excited. Ecstatic! In my deep sense of self awareness, I knew these emotions were not my own, but I nevertheless reveled in them, so starved was I of feeling. This exultant feeling led me forward, deeper into the silence, deeper into the dark. The faint light that reflected off the cobblestones failed to wane as I pushed on, though I could sense the dark getting deeper, fuller, in a sense. It seemed the deeper I was plunged into the dark, the greater the elation rose from the emptiness within. If this excitement was a flame burning within me, I would be a bonfire in a few more steps._

_There were no voices, only impressions, and through those I could sense the multitude of_ others _surrounding me. I was not alone, and though the ecstasy that enveloped me was overwhelmingly powerful, in my deepest heart of hearts I felt fear. Some part of my old self yet existed, and it knew this was all wrong. This fear would have mattered some time ago, but now it was naught more than a whisper, while the elation was a wildfire! I was comfortable in the dark; I was at home. These_ others _all around me were welcoming me, applauding me, thanking me. This kingdom in the dark had managed to gain a strong foothold through the emptiness within—and through its use of my being as its vessel. As more and more arrived to witness this spectacle, this vision of myself walking this cobblestone boulevard, they moved in closer and closer, packing tighter and tighter, until I walked within fairly tight circle, the circle moving with me. I felt a great multitude surrounding me, and it continued to increase in depth and breadth._

_It occurred to me then that the reason for the insatiable lust and hunger that drove the emptiness within was not only because it was immeasurably greedy. This darkness within was sharing its bounty with these_ others _that surrounded me. In return, these_ others _lent their strength, their cunning, their power. We were symbiotic, these others and I. These_ others _and the young man and the High Priestesses. Our preternatural abilities had a source; they were not, as I thought, some arbitrary evolution resulting from the dire need to feed driven by the darkness within. Nay, the chittering across these_ others, _delivered as impressions that I clearly understood, left me without doubt that any supernatural instincts I possessed were not a development, but rather gifts given gradually as these_ others _gathered to partake of the feast my kin and I provided. As the darkness within me spread to other humans, as the bounty increased, more of these_ others _arrived to share and contribute. The message was clear: drink more, feed more, and all of the power of the dark would be granted to me to use as I pleased._

_The impressions became a sharp hiss from within: acquire more wild emotion, by any means necessary._

I awoke with a start. The feeling of elation quickly dispersed; it was gone in a moment. I mourned the loss briefly, then I felt nothing. It was just a dream, a dark and terrible dream. I sat up. It has been quite some time since I last slept. Over the many years, in becoming stronger after each feeding, I arrived at a point where I rarely needed any sleep. More often than not I would sit in silent meditation, extending my preternatural awareness throughout the valley, listening to the murmurings of all those people, sensing the richness of all that emotion, and sipping from the seemingly endless well of feeling they offered. I took care not to take too much at any given time; though the well seemed endless, I was acutely aware of the consequences in taking too much all at once. So long as the full moon festivals were observed in their full splendor, and every citizen celebrating with complete abandon, the darkness within gleaned all it needed to subsist and expand.

I often wondered what stayed my hand from consuming the entire world and all of its inhabitants. Once upon a time, I held myself to such high standards of ethical behavior; I held such high regard for my fellow man. When this darkness took hold, I schooled myself for decades, holding tightly to the ethical framework to which I had committed myself. With no inner compass to guide me, with only the knowledge of what was right to guide me, I prevented myself from grasping at and feeding on everything and everyone around me. Perhaps that effort across those decades instilled in me the habits that kept the hunger at bay. I certainly held no ethical standards, no high regard for anyone, any longer. I cared for nothing and felt nothing with regard to it.

~~The High Priestesses yet held to some semblance of morality. Though they presided over the full moon festivals and directed the sacrificial ceremonies, they did so out of necessity. They understood the costs they incurred in becoming what I am, and they feared the consequences of a world overrun by the hunger, even if that fear was intellectual rather than deeply felt. It was a wonder they maintained their ethics despite the lack of emotion that came with the strength and the hunger. Though, in considering their dilemma, it was just as much a surprise that I had withstood succumbing to the hunger for as long as I had. Where I had withstood for decades, they could withstand for centuries, with some encouragement. And why should I not encourage them? They were my final, tenuous link to what once was my own humanity.~~

I was, however, too far gone. I had given in and given up and was sold heart and soul to the darkness within. I did as it bid, as it implied, as it suggested, as it commanded, though not at the scale it wished. I understood that some things were better accomplished over time. We grew stronger by the day, by the week, by the month, by the year. And we were timeless. What did a decade matter when this flesh only increased in vitality, when the capacity for knowledge became ever more abundant, when our mythology spiraled in acceptance? Time mattered for nothing. The people on this plane proliferated beyond all comprehension; in time, the darkness would feed upon them all.

There was no hurry.