As the region had grown successful, so had it drawn the envious eyes of our neighbors. This was entertaining in some respects. It was only because of the opening of the pass that the wealth in the valley began to proliferate. This suggests that success was largely due to the importing of outside goods and services. Trade was abundant into and out of the valley. The travel industry was bustling as well; our neighbors were profiting highly from the people of all stripes who made their way to our region to give themselves over to the valley’s hedonistic way of life. So from whence did the envy arise? It doesn’t matter; the reality remains that greed has no bounds. The valley was generally well insulated from assault, and our neighbors would profit little from imposing sanctions. There was also a very healthy level of fear that lived within the hearts and minds of our immediate neighbors. Most knew what happened along the pass. Many had partaken in our monthly celebrations, and many more continued to do so.

Still, there was a general flow of jealousy and envy that floated through the pass and settled in the valley. The darkness reveled in it, allowing it to gather and concentrate before lapping it up during my daily meditations. Like a porous sheen that stretched out over the people and animals and buildings and clothing and jewelry and rocks and trees, my preternatural awareness absorbed all the ill feelings that drifted down from outside of the valley. For a time, this was enough, as it sufficiently sated the hunger for a moment and allowed our people to move without regard for the emotions of those that lived without.

Every heart that beats sends out vital information into the world. That information, it turns out, can be directed. I learned that if a thing can be directed, it can be put to use. Or, in this case, eaten. I learned that with the continued development of my preternatural abilities—or, rather, my increasing acquisition of them—I was able to glean more and more about the invisible workings on this plane of existence. And the greater my understanding and growing competency of my abilities, the more I was able to manipulate these invisible workings. From the echoes of my past, a piece of text would occasionally come to mind:

> For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.

I had become a tool to command and manipulate those principalities and powers. I used them at my discretion, and to my sole benefit. That the young man, the High Priestesses, and The Faithful benefitted was a natural consequence of how I chose and acted. That we drew the jealousy and envy of nearby growing nations was a natural consequence to my wielding of these powers. But it wouldn’t do to allow anyone to suffer needlessly as a result of the inflowing jealousy and envy. If the people felt that we weren’t sufficiently powerful to protect them against the machinations of neighboring countries, they would lose faith. We would be forced to pursue our agenda by less fulfilling means.

The single largest reason we encouraged such hedonism to thrive across these lands was that nothing was as delicious, as satiating, as joy and ecstasy. Fear, terror, and sadness made for fine meals, but were not nearly so filling on their own as were happiness and satisfaction. We moved by means of terror when necessary; we otherwise left the Faithful to their own devices.

This was simple enough to manage when the only issue that needed to be dealt with was the removal of the outside influence of jealousy and envy on the collective emotive pool in the valley. However, as our people began migrating into regions over the pass and outside the valley, they began to experience cruelty at the hands of neighbors in the areas they settled. They cried out to their gods, but their gods were far away. Feeling forlorn and abandoned, they in turn abandoned us.

We fed well on what was provided in the valley, but the hunger would not be limited by what I allowed it. It continued to increase, growing ever more powerful; the sensation of starvation I experienced in my early days existing with this hunger was nothing compared to the insatiable roar I experienced now. The valley was crowded with emotion, but it had its limits; space wouldn’t allow an unending stream of people to continue to arrive. The behavior against our people who migrated would need to be dealt with. I could not, however, be everywhere at once, and I was not about to call for the creation of an army and begin giving orders. I knew all too well that once you begin giving orders, you would have to continue giving orders in perpetuity. And for someone to whom time mattered very little, in perpetuity meant a very long time.

I communicated with the High Priestesses regarding this situation. There were a number of the Faithful who had managed to settle in areas where they were largely left alone, though there were just as many who had settled in areas where they were being abused. Since most of these were not so far out of and away from the valley, we agreed to spread our porous sheen outside the valley and see how much ground we could cover collectively. This turned out to be an incredible experiment.

We met one morning as we normally would, via our shared psychic impressions. I guided the women into a deep state of awareness of one another, and then requested they lend me their focus. It took naught a moment but I was soon filled with a rush of emptiness—I recognize that this sensation may be difficult to imagine but this is the best way I can describe it—and the hunger rose in me to heights I had never thought possible. I was ravenous. The churning of anger and frustration that arose from the darkness was overwhelming; it took every ounce of my practiced focus to maintain my composure and direct it. The hunger flooded out of the pass and out into the streets of our neighboring lands. I directed this hunger-made porous sheen to find the Faithful and coat the dwellings and businesses of the people around them. In an instant, all emotion was drained completely from these people. The internal hurricane that was this ravenous hunger almost immediately subsided. I withdrew the hungry sheen and broke the focus of my High Priestesses. The hunger immediately balanced itself between us. We wallowed in the peak of emotions that flooded us as the darkness spread itself out among us. In the next moment, all feeling subsided and we were once again left with the gnawing hunger.

This level of hunger, however, was welcome in comparison to the typhoon I experienced only moments before. It was too much! I absolutely would not be able to manage this every time, nor very often. While still in council with the women, we discussed the experience at length. We came to the decision that this situation called for a new generation of High Priestesses. Though our actions on this day had bought us some time—the people from whom we had just fed and completely drained would take several months to recover fully—more monsters would need to be made, and soon, should the backlash against the Faithful prove to be exceedingly violent. This was an unplanned occurrence. As the valley was well contained, all parts of it lay within easy reach of myself on the plateau, and the women ruled their quarters with relative ease. Expansion was not something we ever had to consider.

The clergy that served on the plateau, in the Shrine of the Dark, however, had a plethora of ideas on how to approach selecting new High Priestesses. As it turned out, they had been waiting for the opportunity to share these ideas. I found this rather humorous, though upon further consideration I should have expected it: the clergy had collectively been lobbying for the evangelism and expansion of the faith to outside of the valley for many years. Eager to serve as they were, I gave them credit for their patience; they never once acted out of turn to push an agenda of expansion.

Of course, the punishment for grave error was death by being fed to the wolves, so any who rose through the ranks to serve in the Shrine knew their place and kept it well.

I listened to their ideas. While most of their ideas were ludicrous and generally self-serving—in one approach, they insisted the entire clergy be turned—and more still were terrible and half-baked, a handful of ideas were actually worth pursuing. One thing that was necessary to take into account was that promotion in the ranks of the clergy was a vicious affair. Many clerics were often mutilated or murdered on their path of ascension; ==only the fiercest, most cunning individuals became priests. (More often than not, women would claim the titles==, which made me revise my initial evaluation that women would be more compassionate as hosts of the darkness, so many centuries ago). Care would need to be taken in determining the best approach to choose a new generation of hosts that would serve as heads of their own temples and regions. This was compounded by the knowledge that we did not have the luxury of placing into quarantine each new host we created until they learned how to control and abide alongside the hunger and would not be a threat to the delicate ecosystem we held in precarious balance. We also needed to act swiftly now, and develop a long term system of investiture later. This all made me realize I had grown too complacent.

After several meetings with Shrine clergy and the High Priestesses, we agreed to pursue a plan that left most of the selection process in the hands of each High Priestess. Each one would choose a successor. Each quarter had its own peculiar set of practices that it maintained over the years, leading to a diverse congregation across the valley, both in demographics and in practice. By leaving the criteria for selection in the hands of each temple, each High Priestess could choose any clergy member that would best fit the overall temperament of the quarter. This would ensure continuity and leave the people largely unaffected by the change in leadership. Furthermore, as part of this preliminary run, six of the current High Priestesses would relocate to troubled settlements outside the valley, while the other six would work alongside myself to ensure the new breed developed the habits necessary to keep from losing control over themselves and the hunger. On such a short timeline, this was a gamble, but it was the best approach we had at the moment to move forward. The High Priestesses set down their criteria and process, made the clergy acutely aware of any consequences, and proceeded to select their successors. The successors’ training began long before they were turned.