The training protocol was intense. Though each district was different in their approach to choosing and developing a successor to the High Priestess, they all shared common elements.

Namely, starvation.

We were the bane of all life on earth, but also its protector. We were stewards over the land and the people we ruled. To allow the darkness to run rampant would be to drain the world of all its color. When there was no emotion left on this plane of existence, there would be nothing to feel, no place to glean it from, no experience worthy of having ever again. As destitute and forlorn as this immortal life could be, the pleasurable sensations experienced during the height of our festivals and celebrations made it worthwhile to grapple with the darkness, to hold it at bay, to manage its hunger. We knew there would come a day when this world was wiped of all joy and sorrow; we worked tirelessly to delay it. It would not do to invite a maniacal power-motivated fiend into the fold; nay we needed to be cunning in our approach to select the next generation of High Clerics.

The clergy made complaints of the process from bottom to top, with the highest levels shouting the loudest, claiming they deserved the honor over everyone else. That is, until they witnessed and participated in the training regimen established by the High Priestesses. It didn’t take long to weed out the power hungry from the truly subservient. As the trials were developed and executed, more and more applicants dropped out, until—in some districts—only one remained. This wasn’t the intended goal of the trials—to whittle down the mob until one remained—but it was a convenient turn of events, with regard to our current situation. The process would need to be amended to better prepare applicants for future iterations, but for now, this would work. Thankfully, the High Priestesses in those districts that ended up with one were content with who they were left with. Other districts saw two applicants complete the trials; one district’s trials resulted in all applicants dropping out. Or dying. This was fine—as we intended to have six applicants succeed the High Priestesses in their districts, the districts with zero or two potential successors could work out their particular challenges. We decided not to send successors across districts, provided that each successor was determined according to trials attuned to the idiosyncratic nature of their respective districts.

We had our six successors. It was time to move forward and make hosts of them. Despite the initial outrage from the clergy on the process of succession, they were all very eager to partake in the elevation of the successors to High Clerics. This was a historical occasion for the Temple! It would not do to have these individuals turned in the dead of night in the depths of the crypt. Nay, a ceremony must be created and a celebration held to honor and observe such a monumental event. New rites should be enacted. The Faithful should all take part. The clergy was beside themselves with ideas and planning. The Shrine of the Dark became a flurry of activity as they prepared a new festival to honor the successors and celebrate their ascension.

I was approached by a gaggle of priests at the close of my meditation one morning, eager as they were to share their plans and obtain my approval. We withdrew from the courtyard and congregated in one of the many meeting rooms that broke off from the main hall. The priests proceeded to lay out their plan: the festival would be a week long affair and involve every district of the valley. The main ceremonies would take place at the Shrine and the district temples would oversee the more localized events in much the same way as during the full moon festivals. They included plans to draw in more travelers and tourists than normal, with strategies on how they would make room for everyone. When presenting the figures of the full scale event, they produced a financial plan that thoroughly defined all expenses, and included potential profits. They left no stone unturned; their gods would be honored by the spectacle of the festival and the return on investment in such a grandiose production. They planned to perform the main ceremony during the next lunar eclipse, on the dark night of a full moon. I loved the idea. There were a number of minor adjustments I requested, but I was generally impressed. I called a meeting the very same afternoon with the High Priestesses to convey the information, knowing full well that the drawn up plans were already being copied and sent to each temple. With little dissent, the plan overall was accepted. I signaled to the priests to set a date. Preparations were soon underway.

In the meantime, those who had settled out of the valley were not faring well. In those locales where we had debilitated their neighbors, our people took to pillaging and looting. This carried repercussions in the form of reduced industry: those city-states that contended with the Faithful withdrew commerce and imposed sanctions on any dealings with the settlers. Fear increased greatly and calls for armed defenses were raised. War would not bode well for our people, nor for our precarious management of the hunger. Should our current system be put into jeopardy, the consequences would be catastrophic for everyone involved. Moreover, in defeating one army, we would be set against others; the cycle of war would be never ending. We would be driven to consume all in defense of our livelihood, thus bringing our livelihood to an end. A solution would need to be found.

I gathered the clergy at the Shrine. Representatives arrived from the district temples. I impressed upon them the import of peaceful negotiation and laid out a plan I hoped would appease the leaders of the city- and nation-states without. I counted on the attention to detail and greed of those present to address problems with the plan and devise means by which they may be advantageously corrected. They did not disappoint. As preparations for the upcoming festival continued underway, a delegation was sent to each of those locales affected by conflict between our people and their neighbors. The delegation would serve to ease tensions by offering to invest in the local markets a rather generous sum. Additionally, our people would refrain from looting and rioting, and would respect the locals laws when in public spaces. In return, our people could live their lives as they did in the valley within the bounds of their settlements, and we would be given permission to raise temples in the outskirts of their towns where our people could congregate without fear of disruption. So long as the Temple was allowed to perform all rites without civic or military involvement, the local government would receive a portion of what the Temple brought in from their region. There were a number of alternative options with which the delegations could offer as negotiation; these, it turned out, were unnecessary. The local officials negotiated on the amounts offered, not the terms provided. They were as eager as we were to come to peaceful agreement, but did not want to feel they were being taken advantage of. Treaties were struck all around. Those principalities that experienced no issue with those of our own who migrated also requested such agreements. Of course, we were far more generous with those who caused us no trouble. However with the grand festival currently in production, the building and development of our outside temples would have to wait. This served us well as our successors would still need time to properly acclimate to their new stations upon ascending.

It seemed as though we had everything well in hand. Nevertheless, I remained vigilant and instructed the High Priestesses and the clergy to remain vigilant as well. Representatives of the Temple were sent to our settlements outside the valley to ensure that our people upheld the terms of our agreements and to deflect any negative attention that arose as retribution for earlier trespasses. There was much to manage. I found myself deeply involved in the politics of the well being of the Temple.

Perhaps I should have been deeply involved all along.

The night of the eclipse was fast approaching and most of the preparations were complete. Diligent, the clergy was. As laissez-faire as we operated, they were intent on serving their gods well. Proficient, competent, eager. Cutthroat and ambitious, yes. But hard workers nonetheless. I watched the preparations take shape and prepared to greet the successors when they arrived. They were to arrive with the offering for the ceremony, a fortnight before the eclipse, which was unique, as the offering was usually delivered the night of the full moon. The successors would have time to bond with the offering before they consumed it. I was curious to gauge their reaction. Or maybe it was some twisted desire rising up from the darkness within to see how this would affect the way they performed. I yet failed to differentiate between what was truly mine and what was being packaged to appear as mine. What did it matter? It seemed I rarely carried any concern for this any longer.