The festival began a week before the full moon and eclipse. District leadership had gone above and beyond to dress up their quarters in preparation for the event. And what a sight it was to behold. As part of the week-long celebration, the High Priestesses and I would make a seven-day tour across the valley, stopping to grant each district our blessing before returning to the Shrine of the Dark in time for the eclipse, when the successors would be turned, and in turn consume the offering. Delegations from neighboring nations were present to observe and, in some cases, participate in the celebration. Despite tenuous relations between the people of the valley and some of our neighbors, they all still wanted to partake in the festivities.

Events like these bring people together, and often times for the purpose of profit. There wasn’t a guest at the Shrine that didn’t have money signs in their eyes or lustiness pouring out of their heart. Greed ruled the day, greed expressed through hedonism.

Our walk along the boulevards through the districts was not without peril. Or, rather, the concern of impending peril. The clergy had agents spread throughout the valley, and without, to attempt to discover and undermine any conspiratorial pursuits that might exist. For as vicious and hostile as the valley could be, often these efforts were directed at the Temple. The people gave tithes and taxes with one hand and conspired with the other. Such was life in the valley, but it worked for us. The numerous conspiracies uncovered simply provided more fodder for the festivals. Each temple had in its crypt a dungeon where conspirators were cast and kept alive until chosen to participate in the Great Sacrifice as offering. All too often, high ranking Temple officials were discovered participating in some conspiracy or other, which raised a scandal that would sweep across the valley. For some nations, a scandal of these proportions would be detrimental. For the people of the valley, it was just another Tuesday.

The more humorous aspect about this was that the most devout follower perceived the offering as the highest form of service to their gods and community. The Temple was constantly flooded with requests by persons wishing to commit themselves as a part of the full moon offering. As we had plenty of criminals in waiting to be sacrificed, these requests were declined. This resulted in the very devout creating sham conspiracies for the purpose of being caught and committed. Some of the Temple officials who were caught in conspiracy did so out of what they perceived to be true devotion. We had people conspiring against us because they wanted us destroyed, and we had people conspiring against us because they wanted themselves destroyed in service to us. It was … amusing.

Our attendants were beside themselves when they learned of the parade, while the more sinister members of the clergy approved with some ambivalence: if they are truly gods, they thought, no conspiracy to destroy them would succeed. Perhaps ambivalence was giving their temperament too much credit; they were, in fact, eager to watch. Would the gods survive the parade? What they failed to realize was their own precarious position should we die. Without us to strike fear into the hearts of their neighbors and to temper the power dynamics across the valley, even the most hardy individual would be swept away by the incumbent violence if they were not destroyed by the armies that would arrive to pillage the land. What did any of this matter to them when they had become so complacent with the current order of things? Their complacency would need to be addressed, but not during these festivities. Nay, we would wind our way along the parade route and deal with any threats directly that slipped through the clergy’s fingers. The young man and I had lived through a number of harrowing experiences that _should_ have seen us dead. And all this when we were just learning of our strength, when we were young and weak in our new existence, when we had a tenuous grasp of our burgeoning powers. Centuries later, our powers had grown significantly, and I knew my own powers far exceeded those of the others. Realistically, there was little real threat that existed, and none that would harm us on this little walk. I assured our attendants there was nothing to be concerned about, that their regard should be for their own safety; we would be fine.

What was perceived as a last minute decision was premeditated by quite some time: the Godhead would travel in the center of the procession as was originally planned, but isolated, at some great distance between those who came before and those who followed after. If we were to be attacked, we wanted to be the focus of the violence and reduce collateral casualties. A few of my closest attendants had brought the idea forward, stating that were any unseemly violence to occur, our swift dispatch of the offenders and the preservation of our people would deepen the faith among those who only marginally recognized the extent of our power. The weight of the politics in play in this suggestion was not lost on me. Among those who proffered this idea were either conspirators hoping to catch us vulnerable and defenseless should they succeed in our destruction, or ambitious persons who would seek further promotion upon the success of this plan. Or perhaps a mix of both. Humans were such obvious creatures.

These were the politics at play when the procession began. There were plans within plans within plans, and we were at the center of it.

Twelve districts in six days meant that we would not be spending much time in each. The valley was not particularly large, making the six day trip feasible, though it was not exactly very small either, making the trip a rather ambitious endeavor. No time was allotted for rest, with the necessitation of a very tight schedule if the parade was to cross through all twelve districts and return to the Shrine in time to perform the Rites of the Eclipse. This posed a problem for the human participants of the parade; none would be able to make such a strenuous excursion without rest. To address this glaring issue, the trip was broken up into fourteen segments. The core delegation that would make the entire trip officially was comprised solely of the Godhead; the rest of the procession consisted of groups of clergy and local leaders who would accompany the Godhead through their respective districts, with the first and the final segments comprised of Shrine clergy attending the Godhead from back to the Shrine to the foot of the valley and back again. The transition from one district to the next required attendant groups to seamlessly exchange one for the next. Clergy from one temple gradually blended into and became the clergy from the next; likewise with political leaders who would make the march. Politicians and local leaders hired mercenaries from their respective districts to provide protection and support and to draw attention should the untoward occur. They walked with the gods and feared for their lives! As they should; where monsters were raised as deities, civilization became monstrous. If the people they deigned to serve fail to kill them, their gods might.

This parade would be an entertaining affair.

Palanquins were made ready to carry the Godhead as the various groups to accompany us down the mountain assembled themselves. The Godhead was dressed in our finest, radiating splendor as we prepared to ride through the valley on the backs of the largest beasts to be found throughout the entire world. Their handlers were many, and were spread throughout the region to accommodate exchanges as we moved from one district to the next, and to anticipate any trouble where an emergency shift change may need to take place. The groups attending the first segment carefully gathered and organized themselves, The darkness within roiled and swelled as I gently skimmed a little off the top of the pride and excitement and joy spreading out around the Shrine’s courtyard. I experienced traces of these emotions, and was struck dumb with fascination at the magnificence and grandeur of the production, knowing this was only the beginning. This was truly a feat of excellence.

The Shrine clergy, eager to begin the festivities, sent off the procession earlier than planned. Not by much, but this early start had unintended consequences to be felt as we crossed the districts. My preternatural senses were tingling with anticipation. I would drink my fill of elation over and over throughout the journey, but this is not what sparked my anticipation. I sensed chaos on the horizon. I was hungry for it. From deep within the void came the feelings of terror and hope, of fear and ecstasy, all interwoven into a melange of sweet emotion. It was a preview of the feast to come, the expectation of a promise fulfilled. But there was also foreboding in it. As the emotions came whirling upward, I was reminded of my dream in the dark, where the illumination was too low to cast a shadow, where the deepening darkness hid horrors unknown, terrors untold. There was a taste of joy, yes, but there was also darkness. There was always the darkness, ever-present, ever-usurping any and all emotion, overshadowing all experience. I sighed, resigning myself to the withdrawal of emotion, to the complacency of emptiness. Over the coming week, I would ride such a rollercoaster of emotion, over and over again, and then be left void and destitute, awaiting the following month’s full moon festival.

I once knew frustration. I knew nothing of the sort any longer, unless it was fed to me by the darkness.

I turned my attention to the clerics huddled together nearest my palanquin. Early or not, anticipation or no, I signaled to the group that we may begin when all was ready. The clerics did not hesitate: the command to begin was delivered to the head of the procession, and we were on our way.