The procession slowly wound its way down the mountain. Messengers were sent ahead to ensure the district at the bottom of the pass would be prepared to make the transition as we crossed their threshold. This was the quiet before the storm. My wolves owned the mountain sides; anyone attempting to set themselves up along the pass either quickly moved on or were devoured. Merchants and travelers safely wound their way through the pass for more than a century; this procession would be no different. However, taming the woods and keeping them clear of troublesome riffraff was a simple matter when compared to managing a densely packed city-state. The extent of the Temple’s efforts at producing an event thoroughly devoid of violence—or rather, violence that was not intentionally planned for the event by the Temple—was yet to be seen. The responsibility fell to the local temples to anticipate and plan for most issues that might arise within their jurisdictions. The haul through the pass would be peaceful, and then it was unknown what lay in wait beyond that, when we transitioned to the next segment of our journey. My preternatural abilities were many and strong, but foresight was not among them.

As there were no crowds packing the sides of the hills, travel through the pass was swift. All in attendance traveled by horse, carriage, or wagon, with the exception of the Godhead. We quickly reached the base of the mountain, watching a scattering of spectators who worked themselves a short way up the pass to catch an early glimpse of the procession. These trickles of people grew steadily into small groups, then larger groups, until we were passing through a great crowd as we approached the first transition point. Night was fast approaching as one group withdrew to be replaced by another, block by block, until the whole of the procession had been replaced with the new guard. The animals that carried our palanquins would carry us well toward the morning, so we continued moving forward with no pause in our stride, though we were now moving substantially slower. With the transition completed with little to no trouble, the procession steadily moved further into the first district.

The people were packed as closely as possible, filling the sides of the boulevard, spilling out from between and pouring over the buildings that crowded the main thoroughfare. The many and rich emotions swirled around in a thick paste, overwhelming my senses. The full moon festivals were nothing compared to this! I sipped from the morass, welcoming the plethora of sensations that threatened to consume me. How incredibly delicious the experience! How infectious each sensation! I tasted the incredulity, the marvelous, the contagion. I also tasted hints of fear, terror, nausea, claustrophobia. The sampling I tasted seemed to alter nothing; the paste was as thick as ever around me. I drank a little more deeply, savoring the flavor of the melange of emotions swimming around me. Oh such intense pleasure! For the first time in centuries, I felt what I had not felt since I was a young man first entering the monastery: sexual desire. Though my capacity for intercourse was non-existent, I still felt the lustful stirring in my heart. The people were ravenous and unfettered; their bedroom fantasies were laid bare to me there in the streets, in the air. I drank of it a little more liberally, and still it flowed freely. The emptiness within swallowed whole the tastes I had taken, and so I drank more.

I eventually recognized a slight change in the air, a nuanced shift in the energy and knew I lay on the cusp of drinking too much. I checked in with the others in our wordless ways, and they too sensed it. We suppressed the urge to continue drinking, that the well be refilled and we may drink again, and soon. As the hunger rose, my mind was made clear. Were there any opportunity for attack, it was during the ecstasy of feeding. So wrapped up was I in filling myself with the surrounding emotions that I failed to remain vigilant in our surroundings. The others recognized it as well. We sharpened our attention, returning to the crowds our watchful senses.

Yet nothing happened. We drank at regular intervals, often finding ourselves sated for longer periods than we were accustomed to. The people were limitless; not once on our way through did we see a break in the crowd, nor did we notice it thinning at any point. The decorations were intricate and extravagant. They spared no expense in dressing the thoroughfare with the most flamboyant designs. We were as awash in a sea of blues, reds, and purples, as we were inundated with emotion to drink from. The splendor and beauty of the boulevard matched our own. I was impressed by the devotion, by the effort, by the gargantuan level of energy this required to execute. Deep in my heart stirred the remnants of appreciation. Feelings rose and fell within in a steady rhythm managed carefully so as not to displace the thick wall of emotion we moved through. We passed through the first district with no incident. We watched the colors gradually change to be overtaken by those of the next district. The crowds never wavered. Upon arriving at the next transition point, our animals were exchanged, our palanquins were refreshed, and we moved into the next district.

Such was the way of our sojourn through each district. Colorful decorations, densely packed and unwavering crowds, and the sweet elixir of ecstasy to consume as the parade continued. We moved through four districts with no trouble at all; I felt our honor guard around us begin slowly to release that fine edge of paranoia, though they wavered not in their level of alertness. I watched in fascination as groups poured ahead of our procession to demonstrate some novel motif or contraption. Our people were quite creative and inventive; there were numerous exhibitions given that were truly impressive. In a time long ago, before I had met my fate against that most malevolent foe, none of these things could even be dreamed or imagined! Now here before me were the marvels of a new world come to fruition.

We were approaching the midpoint of our journey when I noticed what I can only describe as a crackling sensation simmering over the draught of emotion from which we drank. There was a tangible feeling to it, as if it was physically passing through whatever organ we used to feed with. Something was approaching. Something … wrong. I received impressions from the others, signaling they too noticed the change. It appeared our trip would not be without some measure of excitement after all. Once again, feelings of anticipation arose. I sat up a little straighter, moving before recognizing this shift could provide a signal to anyone paying attention that I was alerted to something. The general mood of the crowd slowly shifted from elation to confusion. In the next few moments, our section of the parade was routed away from the main thoroughfare. Either one of our party discovered or recognized upcoming danger, or else we were in the midst of it. Whatever the case, we exhibited a sense of confusion, while collectively preparing for what might appear ahead.

Our animals—and those of us riding them, along with our honor guard marching beside—were led through a series of side streets just wide enough to allow one beast to pass. We moved in single file, snaking our way along these streets that were eerily quiet when compared to the raucous crowds we were enjoying before. I noticed there were barricades placed everywhere, funneling foot track to the boulevard and keeping it there. The thought emerged that members of the crowd were forced to participate, though I dismissed the thought when I considered how much joy and ecstasy we drank from as we moved along the parade route. However, doubt crept in as I gazed on my present surroundings: the grandeur of the parade was viciously juxtaposed to the abominable conditions of the quarters through which we now traversed. There was an ugliness to it, a loathsome reality. Garbage spilled out from between buildings and out of narrow alleyways. Debris littered the sides of the streets. Everything smelled of refuse and unwashed bodies. As I focused more intently on these details, I began to notice more and more people. They huddled in doorways and peered out from behind gates and fences. They were ragged, destitute, demoralized. I tasted fear in the air. Suspicion. Hopelessness. I tasted these things, but felt nothing. This was the true collateral for the wealth that poured in, the hedonism, the darkness. The Shrine, the boulevards, the festivals were all façades. I ruled over a kingdom of filth. And I felt nothing.

I did, however, sense a dramatic shift in the energy around us. There was eagerness in the air; anticipation. I followed the taste of these to discover several small groups of people huddled within a few buildings ahead. The others made it known through our silent means of communication that they recognized this as well. Poor fools though they were, I admired the audacity they exhibited in thinking they could capture our little party and overwhelm us. I considered flattening their demeanor and thus removing the fire from their endeavor, but decided against it after a brief discussion with the others. While the draught of emotion was intoxicating along the main thoroughfare, whatever lay ahead may prove to be interesting. Anticipation rose from within. We moved forward without addressing the threat we approached.

All at once, everything shifted. Time seemed to slow as a series of events took place all around us. There was a shout. There was a loud cracking sound. The buildings on one side collapsed in a roar, causing the animals to panic. They all reared up on their hind legs, jostling the palanquins and sending most of us over the sides or the back, myself included. Our honor guard was pinned down on one side, while the rest were kept from reaching us due to the panic of the animals. There was another shout, and we were set upon by a small crowd, pushing their way inward with staves, torches, and blades of all kinds. I communicated to the honor guard to collect themselves before offering assistance. Hunger was the primary impression I received in return. I slowly arose, and as I regained my feet, a sword was driven point first through my sternum, barely scraping past my spine. I made eye contact with a gnarled man, an exultant expression splashed across his face to match the ecstasy he exuded at having delivered the crushing blow. I smiled. He hesitated. I grabbed the hilt over his hands and removed the sword in one swift motion, rising to my full height. His courage floundered in that moment. I sucked him dry of all emotion, watching him crumple to his knees. He kneeled there, still, mouth open, eyes empty, naught more than the husk of a man. He would live with this moment burned into his memory for the rest of his miserable life. Others slowed their approach when they realized how ineffectual their attempt had become. The High Priestesses, though torn and bleeding, had reacted much the same as myself. With our immediate attackers subdued, I released the honor guard.

The howling and growling was like music as the forms that constituted the honor guard shifted, their human forms resolving into massive, snarling, wolves. The groups of attackers that were rushing forward to join the assault now attempted to turn and flee. Their passage, however, was blocked by those they thought were crushed under the debris of initial blasts—vaguely humanoid wolves rose from the wreckage to catch and kill those retreating. I watched as the wolves spread out among the buildings, catching, holding, and pursuing the scents of each attacker who dared participate in this ridiculous uprising. I carefully dusted myself off and sent a messenger to retrieve a clean set of clothing for everyone in our party and carefully arranged our return to the main boulevard and the next transition point. I then sent impressions to the wolves to retrieve no less than six of our assailants. Their conspiracy would be crushed and their families made to pay for the housing of those displaced due to this inconvenience. It was all over in a matter of minutes, though it seemed so much more time had passed. It was almost tragic, how quickly this little detour and its momentary excitement lasted. Or rather, it would be tragic were I able to feel and express such emotion on my own. As it was, the void consumed every emotion we tasted. The wolves routed the remaining assailants, each new kill increasing the rapidity of my healing wounds and bringing a swell of elation which was quickly sucked down into the vast void within. My wounds soon closed, the skin smoothing over. The wolves completed their work and returned, having regained their human shape, six assailants in tow. Clergy from the local temple were arriving, bringing fresh clothing for our party and shackles for our prisoners. Three assailants would be taken to the Shrine for questioning. The others we would drag through the remaining six districts and then brought to the Shrine for questioning. If they survived.

Spectators soon began arriving from the main thoroughfare, having picked their way across the barriers and through the wreckage. They approached with timidity, unsure what trouble yet lay at hand; clearly, their curiosity bested their fear. The six assailants were, by then, bound and hooded, three of which were surrounded by a small contingent of honor guards, ready to take them up to the Shrine. The spectators watched as the rest of us organized ourselves in a loose parade pattern, with the remaining honor guard surrounding us. A gloating sensation arose from within. I smiled, the grin easing its way to my eyes, as I surveyed those who had arrived from the boulevard. Fear and awe flooded the area, and I sipped gently from it. I assumed a number of these voyeurs were involved in the events of these back streets. We would find out soon enough. When all appeared ready, we carefully moved past the rubble and slowly made our way back to the parade route with our three assailants in tow.