We proceeded along the main thoroughfare, returning to the bluster of the crowds as we passed into the next district. As we moved, six of the priestesses were silently working on the three captives, their thoughts being read as subtle impressions, and their emotions being manipulated to drive their thinking into the realm of conspiracy. This is how we were able to uncover a number of co-conspirators; names and locations were gradually extracted and passed on to our agents spread out through the crowds. The agents would capture a select few at a time and throw them out into the path of the parade. Security would then deal with them, brutally.

Most were torn apart by one or two of the honor guard wolves. The human-appearing wolves would transform right in the street, devouring the offerings thrown to us by our agents. They fed ravenously, emptying the conspirators of any emotion. Once fully drained, the wolves would tear the bodies apart. Sometimes it was quick work, but more often than not, the wolves would play with the conspirators, chasing them back and forth, like a game of sorts, in the lane at the head of the parade. 

It was quite a show. In one stint, two wolves tore at a body between them, in a rough game of tug-o-war. One wolf managed to tear the body away from the other, flinging it into the air. A third wolf leapt over the two, catching the body in its maw and running off with it. During these games, the poor fools who fought to survive believed they had a chance to escape, but none were fast or clever enough. They were all destroyed with impunity. Children dragged forward with their insurgent parents were completely sucked dry and left to recover on their own. On a few occasions, babies were held up as offerings to the High Priestesses, who would drain them of all emotion and then drop them to the boulevard.

This was, of course, all for show. We had no intention of completely crushing all resistance. Nay, we sought to foster an air of uncertainty. We made the appearance of pursuing the conspirators, working to catch who we could during the remainder of the parade, but not working beyond that. We nurtured the violent emotions that rose in the crowd, manipulating them to bring their fear and admiration to a fevered pitch.

Joy and ecstasy were the most delicious emotions. But fear; deep, unregulated fear was pungent. Spicy.

Powerful.

We manipulated the crowd's emotions as so much cultured bacteria, cultivating the growth of fear, from which we drank our fill. As the fear was sucked away, a strong wave of admiration arose. This we manipulated as well, working the crowds into a frenzy, then drinking our fill. This, of course, left the people feeling forlorn. Coupled with the vicious display of conspirator punishment, fear began to arise once again. Thus we moved through the remainder of the parade in regular fashion: hone the fear, drink the fear, hone the admiration, drink the admiration; all while the High Priestesses fed our agents with more names, who in turn worked to feed our pets--the honor guard--with ever more bodies.

We completed our circuit through all districts as planned, and in as timely a manner, despite our brief ... detour. Upon arriving at the foot of the pass that would take us to the plateau, we made a grand display of hanging the three captives we had dragged through the streets with us. Unbothered to suck them dry before they expired, we allowed them to feel and express their full range of emotions as we propped them up and slid the nooses around their necks. They died with the full experience of their feelings. Theirs were the most gruesome deaths yet.

With the bodies still writhing on their lines, we began our trek up to the plateau. This final leg of the journey was populated by the lower clerics and temple servants, followed by the acolytes, the faithful, and the more adventurous of our constituents, which made for a large and lively traveling party.

Upon arriving at the plateau, the giant traveling party spread out. The Godhead dismounted from the great beasts and arranged themselves just before the altar. Temple servants scurried everywhere to accommodate everyone. Parishioners and  constituents were guided to the general seating area cut into the rising slopes on either side of the altar. The candidates for High Cleric were brought out and lined up before the altar, in full cleric garb, facing the audience. The sacrifices were then brought out hooded, lined up and made to kneel before the candidates.

We had much to drink during the parade, and while the ascent to the plateau was spent wallowing in the richness of the emotions we had consumed, it was all immediately drained with the drawing out of the sacrifices. As if on cue, the void within leached every last vestige of joy, anger, fear, admiration, and all other emotions, leaving little more than the hunger.

The all-consuming hunger.

The drop was such that, in a split second, my mood shifted from contentedness to brooding, simmering, bitterness; it was what remained aside from the hunger. The void within was aware of what was about to transpire; it seemed ready to receive all it could from the candidates, and the vessels placed before them.

With everything in place, the ceremony began in earnest. With the hunger welling to barely manageable levels, I was keenly focused on the sacrifice; most of what came before was a blur. I cared not a lick for it. I allowed it because it was important to the clerics, it was important to the faithful, it was important to the candidates. This was their special moment, and I was not yet so far beyond my humanity to allow them this. Still, the hunger drove impatience; my composure was such that while I was as stone on my throne, seated far above the populace, I was writhing internally, craving the end of ceremony. Ceremony be damned! All that mattered was consumption.

Societies decried the cultural phenomenon of consume, consume, consume, and yet this was all that mattered. Man consumed man, either in spirit, effort, or deed. Everything was for sale. Everything and everyone. Here, spread out before me, was the price paid for our people's unmitigated success: the consumption of man by man.

Well, I suppose it could be argued that those of us who comprised the Godhead were no longer human. Still, the price for the livelihoods of those who flew headlong into hedonism was the soul of their fellow man. Twelve souls, in this case.

As the ceremony approached the sacrifice, the energy on the plateau was in crescendo, reaching a fevered pitch as the hoods were pulled from the heads of the fodder kneeling before the candidates. The cleric leading the ceremony raised their arms and the crowd immediately fell silent. The air was pregnant with expectation; everyone, including myself, moved to perch on the edge of their seats. The cleric's voice carried well over the crowd as they offered a prayer in supplication to their gods. When the prayer was finished, the High Priestesses stepped forward, and the crowd was witness to their turning of the candidates. 

There was no art, no beauty to the deed. The candidates had been tested and prepared for this moment, and now that it was here, there was no amount of training that could have prepared them for this. The women bore down upon the candidates, driven blindly by the hunger, and the crowd was taken aback by the absolute brutality of the display. The stillness over the crowd was broken only with the occasional whimper, weeping, or wale.

The void rolled over within, and I felt a medley of emotions course through me as it did so.

The experience of the candidates was broadcast clearly into the hearts and minds of the Godhead. We were as one experiencing the turning together. One by one, the candidates were released as they came to consciousness in their new existence. As the last one was released from the turning embrace, the medley of emotions dissipated. Again, as if on queue, the void swallowed whole what remained of feeling, and the hunger grew to unfathomable intensity. Without any pomp, the candidates fell upon their prey. The silence was broken; the people had taken to their feet, bloodlust drawn across every one of their faces, their voices rising in cheers, jeers, and screams.

Euphoria arose within, as anger, sadness, fear, and terror freely flowed from the hearts of those being sacrificed into the veins of those newly minted into the Godhead, and thus to the rest of us.

It was over in a matter of moments. The final sacrifice fell to the ground. A small contingent of clerics rushed forward to clear the bodies from the before the altar and place them atop it. The celebration pyre was quickly prepared. Once again, the cleric leading the ceremony stepped forward, a burning torch in hand. The High Clerics--High Priestesses and newcomers to the Godhead--stepped aside, flanking the altar. Raising the torch high, the lead cleric once again offered a prayer in supplication, leading the crowd in the popular verse. As it wound to the end, their voice was heard clearly, intoning the final verse, which was a call and response:

"They are the damned," they cried, "and we are their children," came the enthusiastic response.

And then the torch was tossed onto the altar. The altar erupted with a response of its own, with a fire the likes of which had not ever been seen over the valley. The heat flowed over the crowd in one intensive burst, pushing the people back into their seats. The initial blast quickly dissipated, however, and the bonfire settled into a steady rhythm, rolling with the light breeze that flowed onto the plateau from higher up in the pass.

It was done. The ceremony was complete; the Godhead was nearly doubled; the hunger was momentarily satiated. I settled back into my throne as the people left their seats, working their way down to the space before the altar to offer their congratulations, offerings, tears, laughter, and anything else with which they thought to bless the newcomers to the Godhead. The great hall was opened to the crowd, with vast quantities of food and drink made available to all in attendance. A party erupted that would last for more than a week, though I was not present for most of it. At the close of the ceremony, I gave my blessing to the Godhead by impression, to the clerics in charge of the event with a wave, and withdrew to my quarters in the crypt.