Despite the arduous selection regime the High Priestesses put in place to determine who would be welcomed into the Godhead, the newcomers proved to be difficult to wrangle. At first, they were content to remain in the behind the scenes as they learned the responsibilities of the roles they would be taking on. But as they were given more autonomy, those of us who comprised the original Godhead felt them drinking far more liberally than we cared to allow. It was clear that the tests we had established to determine the best candidates for High Cleric were insufficient. New tests would need to be established to better determine who was fit for the job. In the interim, the High Priestesses and I figured out how to block their access to feeding, in spite of the famished fiend that drove our continued existence.

Self-preservation still reigns supreme, even where malevolent spirits are involved.

We moved the newcomers into the crypt, parceling out their quarters. Removing them entirely from the community on the plateau was unrealistic; prohibiting traffic to the temple on the plateau was unrealistic as well. Destroying them was out of the question; the intent alone would move the unfathomable void to prevent such an action. Nay, we needed to find other means to cut off their ability to feed for some time. This resulted in my exercise of the ability to mute the reach of the others.

Having centuries of practice with these talents provided by the being within, I was far more competent and well beyond the skills of the others, perhaps excepting the young man, were he to have not taken to slumbering. There were a number of skills and talents I had at the fingertips, ready for use whenever necessity presented itself. I had not utilized most of them, however, as there had not arisen any need to do so.

Until now.

With focused intent, I spread a preternatural blanket over each newcomer, effectively numbing their awareness of sustenance within their reach. The largest problem, aside from their lack of self-control, was that because I had never used this skill, being only obliquely aware of it, it required a great deal of focus. In order to maintain the numbing effect, I had to focus on it entirely. The difficulty lie in that there were six newcomers to cover. I think the effort required of me would have been substantially diminished were I only to cover one or two.

I was in no mood to maintain this level of effort for extended periods of time. I worked with the High Priestesses to develop the skill on their own; as they were not nearly as schooled with the gifts at hand, it required the effort and attention of three of them to match the effectiveness of the affect over one individual. We settled on a rotation of newcomers--four were in the care of the High Priestesses at any given time. I supervised the remaining two. This took far less effort on my part; I was able to more casually contain the two I watched while the others were covered by the High Priestesses. Rotating them out became a simple affair: when the time came, I created a blanket that covered all six, the High Priestesses would withdraw their own nets and lay them over those in rotation, and when their effect was settled, I withdrew my own. And so it went for some time while we drilled discipline into the minds and hearts--or whatever remained of their hearts, anyway--of the newcomers.

The newcomers were then taken to one district each. The High Priestesses trained them in the ways of ritual and ceremony as they had done before bestowing the gift. However, as they did so, they would reduce the severity of the numbing effect and monitor the behavior of the newcomers. As the newcomers exhibited better control over their impulses, the numbing effect was reduced further and further. Eventually, three of the six were able to move freely without the need to hinder their abilities. 

Because they were new to the gift, their talents were not potent to the extent of being able to provide support to the High Priestesses. These were relegated to temple duties on the plateau. The three remaining were sent off with the High Priestesses, and as there were now four to one, the High Priestesses were able to ease the effort they expended to keep their nets in place. It wasn't much longer before these three exhibited the level of self-control we desired. By this time, the three in service on the plateau were ready to begin training in their respective districts, thus an exchange was made.

This process was less than optimal, though incredibly effective. The spaces between sacrifices was intentional--we would feed and be filled at every full moon, easing the cravings somewhat, and strengthening our resolve against it for some time. This allowed our parishioners and constituents to operate without constraint. Their deeds bought them their consequences; there was never a shortage of sacrifices, though there was an abundance in the selection.

The void was such that it didn't matter who did the feeding. During the parade, I often simply experienced the feeding through the High Priestesses. This was not even vicarious--when they fed, it was as if I was feeding directly. We all experienced the same sensations and the same satisfaction. The hunger moved as one across us all as well. I knew that when I was fed anger, so were the others. When I was fed joy, the others felt it as well. This was confirmed numerous times across the centuries we worked together. The newcomers would never lack, nor be left for want, whether of their own volition or mine. When the sacrifice came every full moon, I fed, and as I fed, so did the others, though not in any literal sense.

It was all ethereal. All of it. But it worked.

The newcomers in service on the plateau soon earned their release to train in their respective districts. By this time, I had honed my abilities to be able to weave a net of restraint with very little effort. It was a practice I began to implement with some regularity when the newcomers would come to court. A net of restraint was woven over the whole of my quarters and areas where I would take audience with the people of the valley. Though I had no fear of psychic attacks--such was the strength of my power--it would serve as reminder to newcomers to the fold of who they were in service to. It also had the unnerving effect of motivating me to explore all of the other talents I had pushed aside.

The newcomers were slowly coming into their own as High Clerics, and as the High Priestesses become more confident in their abilities, they began to slowly relinquish responsibilities. Six High Clerics overtaking the responsibilities of the High Priestesses meant that six High Priestesses would soon depart to establish temples in six of our communities in outlying provinces. All of this work established for one singular purpose and we were finally arriving at providing our people the strength and succor they had been clamoring for since originally migrating out of the valley.

Though this process required much adjustment, we now had a process in place. Only the future would show how this would affect the world at large.