Conquest was not in the plan. We had no plan. We simply were. We moved from one full moon ritual to the next, with no desire beyond this. Mankind, however, was ever growing, ever increasing, ever building. Our settlements outside the valley were naught more than little villages on the outskirts of neighboring nation-states, huddled close to the trail head of the mountain pass. Though we had minor disputes with our neighbors shortly after our people had traveled out and down to settle, the majority of our dealings were peaceful, with intent to share our success with those around us.

While this proved profitable for a time, things took a turn when our High Clerics moved into the temples that had been built to house them in the settlements. The presence of such power in close vicinity was not easily dismissed. There was a sort of magnetism that drew the curious and skeptical. They wandered in from all sides. Many arrived and withdrew, though many more arrived and remained. Our miniature settlements quickly grew, which drew the attention and ire of leadership in the surrounding communities.

The worst attention, however, came from the Church.

For many years, we'd heard of the condemnation of our community by the Church, though none paid it any attention. Their missionaries were often found among our people, attempting to convert them or to coax them away, all in vain. Most of the time they were ignored. The more ambitious were often strung up. As such, the Church went to great lengths to campaign against interacting with us on any level. And while their constituency played the part at home with one hand, they gave and took all they could offer and accept from us with the other.

It was the highest forms of hypocrisy at its finest. Hedonism is a hard coin to bend. It cannot be held. Few willingly discard it. Most spend all they collect as soon as they have it. Many of the religious were such in name only, including much of the clergy. However, though we were cause for concern on the moral front, there were common practices among the Church clergy that even our people would not stoop so low to participate.

I often wondered if this was the end goal of my former associates, my masters in the abbey. Not to make too fine a point of it, but had they the foresight to know that an entire society would be raised from that one single exorcism? I doubted the idea; it put me in a mood when I considered it. If they had somehow drawn out the beast and found a willing host to carry out these ends, it would suggest there was some other thing that was far worse which was being covered up. Our society in the valley was drawing scrutiny away from any such practice.

Or, perhaps, there lingered some greater plan on the horizon, awaiting the perfect moment for execution. This I sincerely doubted, for the simple reason that man is greedy. They would take all they could in the now, and would deal with the ramifications through obfuscation and complexity. And since it is commonly known that men will bind themselves to other men against a common enemy, it seemed more likely that our society was being used by the Church to obfuscate some other thing they wanted no one to figure out.

Maybe it was my simple mind that could not delve beyond basic paranoia to uncover the truth, that kept me from moving against the Church directly, but I saw no reason to address the Church's stance against our livelihood in the valley. Their vehement stance against us served to drive more attention--and by extension, profit--to our community. Were I capable of being amazed at each instance where a human or group of humans acted contrary to what they were told out of mindless rebellion, I would never cease to be amazed. The religious groups we encountered were all of one mind when it came to observing beliefs: obey only those precepts that can be observed by others. Rare was the individual who truly embodied the belief system they chose to follow.

With regard to the religion that sprouted up around us and worshipped us as gods, we only ever spoke in regard to what our constituents ought to do to remain in our good favor. There were no "don'ts" in our dogma. There was only our demand for offerings. So long as we were provided fodder, we had no need to take it. Desire, yes. The void within roiled and rumbled against restrictions we managed to place upon it in the form of limiting our feeding. Given free reign, the void would devour all, and the world would have become devoid of rich emotion long ago. We desired to consume so much more than what were provided. However, our will to preserve humanity and the richness of its emotion prevailed.

But who could understand our plight, our struggle, unless infected with it? We were gods among humans, protectors of mankind, though none knew it not. Our constituency worshipped us for the wealth and growth we fostered in the valley. The Church villainized us for the hedonism we allowed. Outsiders held a strange mix of fear and respect, unsure what to make of us and our people. And none of them were privy to the truth, no matter that we spelled it out; a few of our High Clerics had tried.

Nay, we were monsters, reigning over a small kingdom, feared across many lands and beliefs, capable of conquest at a moment's notice, never considered as saviors, only ever boons of success or misfortune.

I like it this way.