Our surrounding settlements were gaining in popularity far quicker than we could have imagined, despite the admonitions of the Church and surrounding communities. What began as curiosity quickly evolved into a flood. The curious and skeptical became ardent believers, casting aside sensitive sensibilities for the potential of unmitigated pleasure. As the settlements swelled, so did the need to expand. This caused some discrepancies in our dealings with the countries around us. Though our ambassadors worked tirelessly to arrive at non-violent solutions, it was becoming apparent that these efforts would eventually fail. Our people were bleeding across boundaries. Where they bled, those spaces were often annexed into our settlements. Most of those who saw promise in our way of life preferred assimilation to opposition. As more land and people were eroded from surrounding communities, the more angry and bitter their rulers became.

Under normal human circumstances, this would result in straightforward conflict. Countries would turn their armies against us and we'd be forced to defend our positions, even as we fought to gain more. However, these were far from normal human circumstances. Those around us knew not how to address this issue, as already it was becoming apparent that any violent reaction was immediately quelled and their people disenfranchised as they became human husks, devoid of emotion. We heard many appeals to limit the growth of our people, to contain and constrain them, to which our response was always to counsel those rulers that we would impose no restriction that would limit our own power.

The more our people expanded, the greater the mythos that surrounded us, in turn leading to such succulent emotion to consume on the eve of the full moon rituals. This was a small price to pay for the effort we extended in keeping the hunger at bay. But of course, those without the void could never understand the deep sacrifice we made in carrying it. Instead, we began to make overtures to assimilate entire nations, offering their leadership positions of power within the markets of their own lands in exchange for our temples to be erected in their capitals. The more intelligent ones recognized they had little choice and were quick to enter into negotiations. The more power hungry, however, ground their heels and threatened military action despite their evident failures in past attempts.

I often felt the humorless nature of the High Clerics when weighing the words of their ambassadors in many of these cases. The subliminal chatter was bundled within high anticipation, a clear marker of the manipulation of the void to turn our autonomy--and thus these negotiations--over to the hunger. We tread with care in these cases, well aware of the impact if we allowed our logic to be overtaken. As such, we often yielded to some of the more poignant rebuttals by working to redirect our people to the more open communities.

In truth, in the short term it mattered not, for in the long term those nations would be swept up anyway. The pressure to relinquish command would become too great for most when they found themselves surrounded by temples, when all their neighbors had made unholy agreements with the monsters in the mountains. When this came to pass, we were far less accommodating with regard to the transfer of power. It was often the case that their own people would give up their former governors as offerings when it came time to choose between assimilation or submission. And once an entire region came under our influence, a grand temple would be raised in the center of it, and a High Cleric would step into it to ensure the full moon rites were observed appropriately.

There was no standard of ethics imposed upon our people or those we assimilated. As gods, our behavior was the height of emulation. Our people recognized we killed only when necessary. Thus murder, homicide, suicide was largely kept at bay by their own resolve. We held honest dealings with those who managed the temple wealth. The fear of repercussion ran deep in those with whom we dealt, and thus their books were clean. That fear filtered out among their business associates. Only the lowest and furthest removed from our influence acted without heady concern, though they were still influenced by the dominating social currents. The revelation of dour streets in prior times was no longer relevant; our people, though they lacked true understanding of why we limited our power, followed our example.

I found this interesting, as these people were not acting out of religious fervor but rather emulation of their ever present gods. I often wondered how many acted out of fear, how many acted out compliance to social currents, and how many acted out of a desire to one day become one of us. The thought wasn't out of place; where once we had only twelve High Priestesses, we now had among our ranks some several dozen High Clerics. With each region we assimilated, the demand for a direct representative of our presence was great enough to instantiate a new High Body. The Festival of Ascension, as it now came to be called, had been refined and performed a number of times. And always there were twelve. Each region boasted twelve satellite temples to house a High Cleric each, all equidistant from a grand central temple that was symbolic of the Temple on the Plateau, the Shrine of the Dark.

Those central temples were raised in the hopes that I, the First, the One, would grace the region with my presence. In fact, I remained ever present on the plateau. I had no cause to leave. The High Clerics managed local affairs and collectively managed regional affairs. Our preternatural communicative abilities made it plausible to confer with my associates without the need to be in their vicinity. We spoke across kilometers with ease. Were we to take the world, I could speak with one on the other side of it as if they stood next to me. I knew of the undercurrents and intrigues of each region intimately, as if I walked among the very people the High Clerics counseled. I had no cause to leave, and so I did not. Those central temples stood in symbolic gesture, and were no less powerful a presence without my being there.

We made no edicts against the exercise and proliferation of other religions. The Church, along with a number of other religions, worked tirelessly to maintain their foothold in each region we assimilated. Most, however, failed over time, their philosophies and afterlife promises falling empty. The Church, and a number of offshoots, managed to exist well enough, as the culture among our regions provided acceptance of the bitterness and anger in their congregations. Small groups of theirs were often seen carrying signs and shouting from soapboxes on the need for those around them to repent. Few listened, and those who did often fell into the crowd who were penitent during Church services but otherwise did what everyone else did. Ultimately, our theocracy held firm without our need to enforce it. It seemed our full moon rituals appeased the guilt and bloodlust of all who attended the Church or served us wholly. It seemed like despite pushback from various groups within our communities, everything was running smoothly.

