I stand on the edge of the plateau overlooking the valley on the eve of another full moon. The anticipation of the ritual to come is tangible, like sugar on my lips, sweet aroma in my nostrils. The sun is close to setting, it's thin outline peeking over the mountain range across the valley, the sky aflame with the sun's farewell. A nostalgic mood has overtaken me, as I think back on how far we have come in so short of time.

The process of assimilation seemed as if it would be unending. As our borders approached those of other nations, we often entered into similar negotiations as had historically occurred. Though the most staunchly religious countries proved to be difficult, eventually they too were assimilated. Other theocratic authoritarian regimes were often taken down from within, as the more ambitious political figures and corporations found our culture to be more accommodating to their goals and aspirations. People incapable of reading, those who were manipulated by those in power, were often the front ranks of violent reaction, but were quickly pacified when they discovered their brand of faith could not protect them from our powers. They raised crosses and talismans and were easily swayed when drained of the one singular motivating force those who held sway over them used to manipulate them: emotion.

It truly began to feel as if we would eventually take the world over. It didn't matter how logical, how powerful, how resilient, how ardent a region was grounded in their nationalism. Strip away all the pride and righteous anger and all that was left was mankind's desire to survive. Strip away all the pride and pleasure in acting in concert with manufactured nationalism and the individual was left abandoning their beliefs. Whole armies would march against us, crusades wrought against us by the powers of their lands, and all would fall in subservience to our power as we drained them of their resolve. Fields of battle would be strewn with emptied human husks, not a drop of blood drawn among them all.

We rarely ever killed anyone in these confrontations. As soldier, mercenary, and general alike began to revive and recover, they often conceded. Fanatics on the one side would become fanatics on ours after such engagements. We had no shortage of those willing to die in battle as a gesture of their undying fealty. We had little need of those, though there were plenty. It was almost pathetic, witnessing the expression of extreme ideology crushed and claimed; they believed their acts were righteous, when their acts were naught more than deep emotion. Drained of that emotion, which carried always a bittersweet flavor--righteous indignation and furious passion almost always tasted sour--they fell at our feet and begged to become a part of our culture upon recovery.

Their gods had abandoned them in the midst of their defense of them. What must it mean but that they curried no favor, despite all they had wrought for their religion? And yet here were living gods, gods beholden to their people, who lived and regularly appeared among them. It was difficult to deny the pull of a culture whose deities were more than just figureheads. When gods walked among the living, the living were easily swayed to their gods' whims.

We stood on the precipice of an empire stretching the whole world round. We needed no evangelism, no overtures, no threat of force to expand. The violence we engaged in as a state was done so in defense. The acquisitions we made were largely voluntary. Foreign countries and companies wishing to do business with us needed only respect our way of life. And on and on the cycle of negotiation and assimilation would run. Our people made sure we were fed out of fear, but otherwise approached their lives with heady zest. And thus over many decades did we come to establish our presence within one continent after another.

Undercurrents of resentment flowed everywhere, but were impotent. Countries whose mainstream belief systems were bastardized in the process of assimilation held adherents who were yet unwilling to release them. Though their faith was not strong enough to make them rise up in the ranks of the crusades that called for the true believer to stand against an encroaching evil, it was yet resilient enough to survive accretion and fester in the assimilated nation. The Church held many such members, unwilling to take arms in battle, but unwilling to accept defeat. The monasteries and missions that dotted the landscape in a few countries continued their tireless work despite the presence that had taken hold in their lands.

I could never fault these people for this. I understood this all too well. Being a man of the cloth myself, and one who had been sworn to non-violence except in the most necessary of situations, I recognized the desire to live and thrive in one's chosen way of life despite the surrounding climate. In the same way we assimilated nations, it was once my charge to assimilate souls for the god I once held dear. I imagined innumerable people across the world held fast the idea that by attrition, they could one day reshape the world in the ways of the gods they worshipped.

A humorless grin slowly stretches across my face as I considered this. I was once in their shoes, and I desperately worked toward this end. Yet here I stood, a monster by anyone's reckoning, wanted naught else but to be left alone, and somehow at the pinnacle of a religion that had swept the world, and generally ruled it without ruling. Were I of philosophical bent, I would have found the irony interesting. I wanted for nothing, and yet I had all at my fingertips. My younger self, along with all those furious believers, wanted all for their god, or gods. The hunger wanted for all as well, but for itself, and yet was perpetually denied sustained satisfaction. Perhaps the monks of south east Asia had it right: desire was indeed the source of suffering.

I could have written volumes on the topic. I was not, however, of philosophical bent. I was not even very intelligent to begin with. All that had transpired was naught more than opportunity at the intersection of experience. Over the many many years of learning to exist with the void, in dealing with humans of varying capacity, I came to intimately understand motivation, and had become the ultimate being in manipulation. Very few recognize how deeply human behavior is tied to emotion. Most humans reject the idea, and as such are incredibly easy to manipulate. I and my people make these humans dance like puppets on strings of emotion, and few are the wiser for it.

Am I a living god? Am I a demon? In my old life, I would have labeled one of my ilk as Satan or Lucifer incarnate: the Deceiver. And yet, who was I deceiving? What I did was strip man bare of all they *felt* they believed, and in that vacancy, man refilled themselves with a more honest bent. Was that manipulation? Perhaps. But what human has ever been honest with themselves about anything? As a man of the cloth, how honest was I with myself?

This soured my mood. The void roiled within, but left me to my emotions, subtle though they were. I wondered, thinking back to my return to the abbey after that fateful voyage, I wondered if I had been dishonest with myself from the beginning, never recognizing or accepting the void taking hold because I thought myself too pious and far above any such occurrence. It made me wonder how early this thing had taken hold, if the entire week I struggled was naught more than for show, if I was chosen for this quest because of my own blindness toward myself.

These were not happy thoughts. They pulled me in different directions. Perhaps I came to manipulate others with such ease because I myself had once been so easily manipulated. Perhaps I was the perfect tool for this void; out of ignorance of my own weakness, I provided the means by which this thing could thrive. I began to grow angry, but it lasted for a moment before the void sucked it all away and I was left peering across the valley over the growing twilight with nothing more than a series of confusing thoughts jostling around in my mind.

I turned from the edge and walked around the altar. The Shrine clerics were preparing to light the bonfire that would cascade over the valley and across all the lands we now called our own. I pulled the hood of my cloak over my head and silently withdrew to the cairn beneath the temple. The others would feed, as they have done so for the past several decades, and I would be satiated with them. It would be enough, as it always was every month, for now.