*Darkness on the horizon. And yet, I'm surrounded by darkness, so what does it mean that I can differentiate between the darkness around me and the darkness that comes? It is all the same, and yet it is not. I can* feel *it.*

*I remember this place. The dim twilight that has no source reveals shadows and shapes and not much else. I am once again walking a road that has no beginning and no end. This time, however, I am surrounded by the crowd that I had left behind the last time I was here. And this time, there is reverence. There is respect. There is a gracious accommodation of space around me within which I can move freely. There is much more that I am aware of that I failed to grasp prior. The hunger, the voracious appetites of those that surround me, is palpable, and in this I am able to comprehend some of what I've become. The void I feel in my physical body is, perhaps, an extension of this place, rather than a being that has come to inhabit my body. The recognition is briefly alarming, but fleeting. In the next few moments a sound of rushing air replaces my introspection with a curiosity of what surrounds me.*

*The beings all huddle close, and I have the curious sensation of being drank from. My energy ebbs and flows, and does so at the slightest provocation of any one of these beings. The void, then, is this place, and the hunger is the mood of it. Satiation comes when enough of these beings around me have been satisfied. But they are never truly and fully satisfied, always returning for more when the urge strikes.*

*The last time I beheld a vision of this sort, I yet clung to who I once was, and thus experienced this through the lens of some part of my lost humanity. This time, however, I stride forward boldly, comfortably. It is dark, and I am at home in it. The shadows surrounding me move as one, ever mindful of my own movements. In some ways, I have been elevated, no longer a fleeting trespasser but one of them. And not just one of them, but their warrior. I stand a little taller at the thought; I have become more than I could have ever imagined. Once upon a time, my modus operandi was pious modesty. Now, among mankind and among these monsters, I am a god.*

*The thought lingers a moment, and then I feel disruption. The shadows feel it as well. Something comes. Something far more potent. There is fear; there is sorrow; then there is silence. The impressions I receive extol me to be silent with them. The impressions then cease. I pause, not breathing, not moving, not thinking. Silence is what I become.*

*The monstrous presence lingers on the edges of my vision, persists but for a moment, and then withdraws. The impressions slowly arise. The low humming resumes, though it conveys fear, horror, wariness, and, surprisingly, hope. I shudder to the depths of what soul remains to me when I understand what is suggested by this hope. These beings lend me their talents, and in turn I provide them with sustenance. Together we grow stronger, I at the crux, my shadows and minions at my heel. It is because I stand and walk and grow and build and feed that the others offer their fealty. The monstrous presence that approached and turned away is one but many others on this plain, and the shadows expect that one day I will stand firm against them.*

The shuddering persists as I awaken. Sweat pours down my face and chest as I slowly sit up from my slumber. The magnitude of what I have wrought on the face of the earth pales in comparison to the voluminous power I felt in that place. I had grown in my powers to extend my presence across every temple we erected, and it was dwarfed by the monstrosity I witnessed in passing. How could such a being as myself ever hope to contend with a being such as that? The conception was dizzying. Though I was momentarily devoid of emotion, my brain continued its attempt to fathom the power I felt, and to make sense of what was being asked of me.

How the fuck could I ever hope to contend with a being such as that?

Centuries have passed since my ordeal introducing the void within. I have grown incredibly powerful since then, though it has been no fast process. Each passing year, I find my powers incrementally extending, evolving. Centuries. I am more powerful now than I have ever been, and yet my powers pale in comparison to whatever that was that encroached on the edges of my vision. Over centuries! How much longer would it take to even come close to such power? What more was to come?

I shake my head, willing myself to empty it of what remains of the vision. I have lived lifetimes, and will yet live many more, and here I am working to remove some distressing thought as if I was a spurned lover desperately awaiting the letter of one whom I knew would never write. I rise slowly, extending my preternatural senses to encompass all of the valley and some of the surrounding temples. I feel the chatter of my associates; though they were not witness to the vision, it is plain they can feel the disruption, the dismay, the almost terror. I push my senses to the very edges of our territories, where I encompass all who carry the void. With a slow inhale, I carefully draw their attention. I understand more than *know* they each consciously or unconsciously turn to face the [[Shrine of Radiance]]. With a slow exhale, I work to quiet their fears.

I do not know what stands ahead of us, I impress upon them. Whatever it is, we have much work to do, I extol. The impressions I receive in return are those of acquiescence, of a recognition of remaining focused on the task at hand, though also curiosity around what, perhaps, that task entailed.

I blanche. Indeed, what is the task at hand? We have moved from one [[full moon ritual]] to the next, watching our community grow and expand, assimilate and overcome, all for ...

What?

We have managed to exist and expand with no long term strategy. I have watched intricate conspiracies rise and fall, all compromised due to our ever growing suite of preternatural abilities. What planning we have done has centered around our financial stability, and even this was an outgrowth of concern around running out of space to store valuables provided us as offerings. There has only ever been one plan, one goal: keep the hunger at bay and manage it appropriately. Let humans proliferate to provide a wealth of nourishment. Provide rails wherein humans can exist with the wealth of emotions they are capable of experiencing, a veritable smorgasbord from which we may feast. That has been the whole of our operations.

So what now?

I step out of the cairn and walk the length of the outdoor cathedral, to stand at the precipice of the plateau beyond the altar. We are stronger than we have ever been, and continue to grow stronger. It has taken us centuries to arrive here; it may take centuries more before we can contend with the greater powers existing on other planes. Time is on our side. We have centuries. We will consume them.

I reach down deep into the void and struggle to withdraw confidence. It comes unwillingly, as the void insists on managing all that arises. Though I often lose these struggles, I have grown in my abilities, and this time I am able to fill my being with the emotion. I impress upon my associates the importance of patience. Time is on our side. We have centuries. We will consume them and grow ever stronger, ever more powerful.

