The void, it seems, was generally unhappy with my command to my associates. We all felt the sometimes restless, oftentimes aggressive, roiling that began shortly after I communicated our plan of action. Patience, it appeared, was not the void's strong suit. The beings on the other plane demanded action. There was, of course, no reasoning with them. They knew only hunger, desire, power. They wanted for naught all else. The void began to hold fast all emotion, leaving us without feeling, with only the hunger to push us forward. At first, I aimed to combat it similarly to how I did in the beginning. But the next full moon ritual would prove that this was no viable strategy.

As the offerings were being consumed under the full moon, I felt nothing. Every emotion consumed was swallowed whole by the void, leaving I and my associates nothing to enjoy, nothing to savor. There was a momentary bliss that was immediately withdrawn from our reach. Even my struggles to draw up emotion were met with hard and fast barriers.

The assimilation of a new region meant that a Festival of Ascension was on the horizon. The High Clerics and I were well aware of the void and capable of managing the hunger, as even the newest among us carried years of experience with it. However, the Ascension presented a dilemma, as never before had the void elicited such a strong reaction to anything we had ever done. In no uncertain terms, we were brought to understand that the void was master, and we were naught but its servants. We were driven by the hunger, always had been, and now it was demanding more of us.

I pondered a solution. The void could not be allowed to run rampant, though it pained us to exist with it as intensely as it appeared now. We knew the cost should we decide to feed without restraint. We knew we must provide the void with some succor, to release its death grip on our emotions and those we fed on. We needed to come to a solution before the Ascension, lest the new class of High Clerics be overrun by the hunger and driven to excess. What would it take to appease this monstrous appetite without tipping the scales and upsetting the balance of the ecology we had created? The humans thrived, exercising a wide breadth of emotions from which we drank. As a worst case, I saw fields of humans, shackled and fed for our regular feedings. Sourness came gurgling up at the thought. Joy and celebration were rich emotions that were aromatic and sweet. Should we come to farming humans for feeding, we would never again taste of the goodness and sweetness of the lighter emotions; only fear, terror, and sorrow would be harvested, as this is all the humans would feel in their captivity. These emotions would yet provide sustenance, but there would be joy in their consumption.

Nay, we needed a solution that would continue to allow the humans their autonomy but would provide the void with the succor it desired to release its stranglehold. We generally avoided taking from humans and sought to feed only during the [[full moon ritual]]s. Generally. Of course there were exceptions, but these were neither consistent nor were they ever a full meal. Samplings, at best. This gave me an idea.

From my throne on the plateau, I spread my awareness over our territories, encompassing all High Clerics, to hold counsel and discuss my plan. Once upon a time, the void was content with monthly feedings. True, it was always in a state of want, but it never drove us to the edges of desperation as it was doing now. And our influence had grown far and wide, with millions upon millions of lives that lived, worked, and served under our long shadow. There was a wealth of emotion to be consumed, and we need not concentrate it to a small few, as we did on the eve of each full moon. Let us then institute a morning and evening prayer ritual, encouraging supplicants to pause for a few moments to offer gratitude to the Temple. This is how we would present it to our people. During each prayer ritual, we would cast the net of our awareness over our people and drink a nominal amount from each. Most would never notice, but collectively this would provide more sustenance than the void had ever consumed since its inception into this world.

The High Clerics are more than a little agreeable. Such was the monstrous grip the void held over us. In truth, they would have agreed to anything I suggested, if the suggestion meant we had more to consume. I remind them of the price of excess, and extol them to present this new edict with care. Rising from the throne, I turn to the clergy surrounding me and admonish them to begin preparations for a new ritual to be performed daily, and to prepare our people for it. With utter delight, the clergy scamper away. It will take time for the word to spread far and wide, and so I prepared to wait, hoping the wait would prove to be short.

Thankfully, our clergy and their servants are incredibly efficient. And by the means of myself and the High Clerics to communicate telepathically over large distances, many locales were aware of an addition to the worship of the Godhead by the evening. The tolls sounded at regular intervals across timezones, and the High Clerics of each region gathered their awareness and spread it over their lands to drink. The supplicants were few in that first prayer ritual, and yet there was enough drink from to fill the coffers of our hunger several times over, though we were careful to tease minuscule amounts of emotion from each. This caused the void to pause in its relentless and aggressive roiling. For a moment, the void seemed drunk on the emotion that was consumed, and then ever more so with each wave of feeding that occurred as the hour crossed imaginary boundaries, the evening prayer bells ringing over and over until the hour had run its course across the globe.

As the final bells' ringing faded, the void settled itself. I was filled with feelings of satisfaction, contentment, and was even a little bit drowsy, though I was decided on avoiding sleep until I could determine if this prayer ritual was a long term success. Such was the strength of my powers now, that I could suspend sleep almost indefinitely without being overtaken by madness.

There was, of course, the consideration that I was already mad, and thus beyond the necessity for sleep. Mad or dead, it mattered not. This fresh and regular influx of emotion would sustain me with ease; my powers would become greater, faster. What stands above a god, if a god I was in the most elementary exercising of my powers? Whatever it was, that was what I would be stepping into, and soon.

