The morning and evening prayer rituals turned out to be a great success. Even if only a fraction of the people participated, the amount we consumed from one ritual to the next dwarfed all that we usually consumed during a Festival of Ascension. The [[full moon ritual|full moon]] and Festival of Ascension rituals became naught more than dessert when compared to the sustenance provided during the prayer rituals. Though we yet did not claim the entire world as our own, our presence was grounded over enough of it that the morning prayer bled into the evening prayer--as the morning prayer finished one side of our controlled territories, the evening prayer would begin on the other. Wave upon wave of nourishment would course through our veins, and the void was ever drunk with satisfaction at the volume of it.

I and the High Clerics soon began to feel emotion with some regularity. Though there remained bouts of hunger and the ever-present void within, we began to experience emotions as we once did as humans, or so we thought. Those of us who remembered, at least. I have lived so long with the hunger that earliest days of my struggle with it are beyond my immediate memory, and often beyond my grasp, lest I grapple with it and draw it up from the depths of my mind. As for the memory of my humanity? That was long gone. Only the youngest High Clerics were able to recall what that felt like in any sense, and much of that was convoluted as the void continued to warp our minds in its manipulation.

Even now, I failed to understand where I myself ended and the void began. In truth, I was the void, and the void was me. As my strength grew, it seemed that I was incorporating the void into my very being. I could feel the shadows from my visions coursing through my veins, their thoughts little more than echoes in my mind, but present nonetheless. This I found fascinating; were I of weaker constitution and willpower, these shadows would have all fought for control over my being. As it was, all the struggle in the beginning to keep a lid on the hunger and prevent it from running rampant had honed my will to fine edge and a heavy veil. I could not be overtaken.

However, I could be influenced and manipulated, as the void proved time and again.

The last vestiges of civilization existing outside of our influence was on the verge of being assimilated, and I felt the clamor of the shadows in their excitement of not just maintaining a foothold on this plane, but very much taking control of it. It was difficult not to get wrapped up in heavy currents of this emotion, shared as it was among the many, captured from the hearts and souls of those who worshipped us. In these moments I struggled to maintain a sober outlook on our progression, as the constant flow of emotion was overwhelming. I knew that if I felt it, so must the others, though I was unsure if they felt the crowding of the shadows within them as well. We lived a shared experience in many ways, the High Clerics and I, though I was unaware of the extent of what we shared. As part of the training to prepare candidates for the position of High Cleric, exercises to develop mental fortitude were prioritized. When one was fed from and then drank of the life force of another to complete the ritual and accept the gift, their mind was thrown wide open for all High Clerics to see. One of the first things they learned was how to impose a wall to protect their thoughts and release only those which they would use to communicate with the rest of us. I found it interesting that this wall held firm against the shadows as well, at least in my case.

Weeks, and then months passed by and I yet remained awake, unsure and somewhat fearful that I might be pulled into another vision were I to slumber. I clearly remembered the presence I felt at edges of my last vision, and that was bad enough to avoid that plane. But one other thing bothered me. I was sure I would be goaded into acting ever farther with our consumption of human emotion, and I felt unprepared to deal with that, were it to arise. The void felt overly confident and gleeful, pulsing at the center of my being as its tendrils slowly enveloped me. I thought at a any moment I could peer into the realm of the visions through my connection with the void, but avoided doing so at all costs. I knew not what lay in store for me were I to return, and in my current state I was unwilling to find out.

Thus we approached the final Festivals of Ascension. As soon as the remaining regions of the earth submitted to our rule and swore fealty to our temples, our clergy were ready to begin the trials that would raise another generation of High Clerics to serve in the temples that would be built. The anticipation was palpable, both among our peoples and the clergy, including the High Clerics and myself. Throughout this period of waiting, all of us in positions of power were pressed against the more impatient of those among our people. The politicians and business men were always ready to raise an army for the cause, and it was always the High Clerics that counseled patience. Counseled or threatened. We only ever had to wait. All regions fell to us in time, and these last bastions of civilizations, as they called themselves, would be no different.

We were a ship on the brink of cascading over a waterfall: it was inevitable. The mutterings within were becoming louder with each passing day, as we approached the threshold of our complete and total control over all the earth.