I sat on my throne in the [[Shrine of Radiance]], pondering the many ways the void could sabotage the precarious balance between the hunger and human autonomy. Negotiations were under way with the leaders of "The Last Bastion of Hope," as this small collective of nations had taken to calling themselves. The result of these negotiations--assimilation, and thus the final Festival of Ascension--would usher in a new age of Earth. The energy in the void was tangible, as I often felt as if the shadows residing within were physically pressing themselves against my flesh, as if attempting to break free of this bodily prison. This caused me concern, as there was far too much unknown about the spirits I danced with, their capabilities, and their ultimate goals.

There was so much I failed to understand of the otherworldly plane in which I walked. One foot in this plane, and one foot in that one, ever walking forward. What we wrought on this plane was clearly seen. On that plane, however, I was naught but a tool, a marionette made to dance for the benefit of all who watched. The void pulled the strings, using emotion to drive me first one way, and then another, just as we used emotion to manipulate the human population. Conflict was easy to manage when you could distill and remove anger and fear from the equation. Neighboring communities would begin to rise against each other, only to settle down and come to terms with one another once the regional High Clerics pulled the rug from under their passions. This was the way of it with myself. The void pushed and pulled, simply by managing what emotions were present when it came time to make vital decisions. Over the centuries, I learned not to trust my emotional reactions, though it seldom mattered.

On some level, I understood we maintained this precarious balance of hunger and autonomy by the grace of the void. Perhaps by some intuition, the void understood what we did and why we did it. With the instantiation of twice daily prayer ceremonies from which we received a generous sustenance, I was often taken aback that the void simply did not demand more, as it was a deep demand that caused the prayer services to be enacted.

These were the musings of a very old man-become-monster. Countless times over the centuries had I considered things such as this, exploring the void in thought, though terrified to step foot into its realm. All this consideration, and I had learned very little. This left me apprehensive. Without knowing the end goal, without understanding how and why the void operated as it did, I felt I was submerged deep in a sea with no indication as to the direction in which the surface lay, and I was running out of air. We were on the cusp of a Festival of Ascension, and I was left feeling furtive in my attempts to figure out how the void might take this out of our control.

To say I was losing sleep over this would be a misnomer. I still hadn't slept for fear of what lay in wait on the otherworldly plane.

We had thoroughly refined the [[Candidate Selection Process]] to address psychological and metaphysical concerns, as well as teleological concerns once a candidate was made to ascend. We had spent countless decades improving the [[Candidate Training Program]] to ensure we brought those in who would uphold our commitment to the balance we so carefully maintained. Could this process be subverted in some way without our knowledge? Could we be driven to act without our conscious awareness? These questions troubled me, for I did not know.

The [[Candidate Training Program]] was tightly tied to the Festival itself, being the completion of the work of the candidate once selected. It saw the indoctrination, development, and preparation of a human to perform the responsibilities of a High Cleric, as well as to sharpen their willpower to serve as a barrier against the whims of the void. With each Festival of Ascension that was performed, I and my ilk spent innumerable days reviewing the process, looking for holes to patch, edges to smooth, surfaces to reinforce. And every single time, the Festival of Ascension was performed without issue.

Well, the path of the selected candidates was completed without issue. Much like the very first parade, there was always some small problem with regard to conspiracy, sabotage, or outright recklessness.

Here I was again, scrutinizing the entire process, from start to finish. The [[Candidate Selection Process]] had already begun, and those who were chosen would soon begin their training. We were running out of time to alter any part of it should a problem arise in the process.

Running out of time. Now wasn't that ironic.

Both the selection process and training programs were brutal. We sought to commit those souls who stood out from the power-hungry crowd, those who deeply desired to serve for the sake of serving. There were not many. Man may be many things, but altruistic and subservient was not among them. Many humans committed acts of altruism, but for the purpose of recognition and clout. Many humans were subservient only out of necessity. Even those in the clergy, serving in our temples, were a mixed bag of greed, pride, and covetousness. We found ways to balance these against each other to produce a clergy that unquestioningly performed our bidding. But to draw High Clerics from among them was often in poor taste, and rarely ever did those candidates survive their training.

Few though there were, those who were pure of heart and focused of mind did exist, and we went through great pains to find them. Diamonds in the rough, they were, and we mined for them as dearly as one mines for gold, diamonds, or other precious stones and metals. These diamonds were fulcrum on which this world balanced precariously. To introduce the void to one of unholy intentions was to invite disaster. We had all we needed, more so even, and provided to us willingly. Ascending to High Cleric one of ill will could send this whole world spinning into madness, into chaos.

The Festival of Ascension was a vital part of our operations for innumerable reasons, but namely to ensure that none crossed the boundary into the Godhead that did not belong. I and the others went through great pains that this was well maintained.

Now we teetered on the cusp of complete control of the Earth, and never had the necessities of this process weighed so heavily on my shoulders. We must choose rightly, as we always have done before. There were no second chances when bringing a human into our fold. Despite the refinement of these processes and the successes we saw in them one Festival after another, I yet remained anxious that we could be made blind to some factor that we either did not consider or the void distracted us from.

The others felt my concerns and shared in it. Whether or not they felt the shadows dancing under their own skins, I knew they recognized a difference in how I carried myself. Perhaps this underscored the importance of the cusp on which we so precariously balanced. One day soon, word would arrive that it was time to erect our temples in the Last Bastion of Hope, and when that day arrived, we would hamstrung to the process we had created.

I felt a prickling sensation across my skin. My preternatural senses were on high alert, and I had not realized it. There was an envoy arriving. Any moment now, my contemplation would be disturbed by one of the clergy come to deliver a message.

This was an open air amphitheater. There were no doors to be thrown open, no windows to shout through. I heard the voices and the rushing long before the clergy crossed the threshold of the columns that spread out to either side. In moments, a small cluster of humans in the garish robes of the acolytes lay prostrate before me. I bid them rise, and the head of the group rushed forward to deliver the news that negotiations were completed, that the Last Bastion of Hope had conceded their territory to the temple.

We had run out of time.