Things seemed to move quickly once we gained control of The Last Bastion of Hope. I received regular confirmations from the High Clerics engaged in the [[Candidate Training Program]] that this group was performing as well as groups in the past. The clergy were filled with anticipation as preparations for the Festival of Ascension were underway. There was nothing in the stream of information coming in on all fronts that suggested anything was amiss.

This alone was cause enough to make me nervous. The idea that I could be unnecessarily stressing myself out only further dampened my mood. My mind was racing, continuously considering all the many ways in which this process could fail, all the ways in which we might at any moment be wholly taken by the void, all the ways I could be wrong about all of it. I longed for the simplicity of my time traveling with the young man as we attempted to withdraw from human society altogether. Despite our lofty intentions and best efforts, I now held the fate of humanity in the palm of my hand. On a whim, I could destroy all that we wrought.

The void seemed to tug on my nervous feelings, as if suggesting it could erase them, but as it was now almost always in a state of drunk delirium from our daily feedings, it generally disregarded whatever emotions were mine to experience. However, this too caused me some concern. Though I believed the mental barriers I erected against the void and the others of my ilk held fast and remained uncompromised, I worried that some of my contemplations would bleed through.

I may no longer be human, but I am corporeally present on this plane. I exist in it. I am sustained by it. Whatever may befall this world, the consequences will be felt by all beings, I and the High Clerics included. To plunge this world into chaos would destroy any and all hope that we and the humans could ever coexist in a symbiotic relationship that would strengthen me for the work the shadows were preparing me for. The presence at the edges of my last vision haunted me in ways I yet struggled to enumerate. It was making me desperate. All we worked toward could not be undone now.

This line of thinking, of course, did nothing to ease my discomfort.

I listened as reports arrived from all sides, detailing the progress of the Festival planning and the candidates' successes as they moved through their rigorous training regimen. None of it pacified the tension wrapped around my chest. This anxiety was an anaconda, threatening to crush my physically being and drain me of my life force. All the while, the shadows' excitement continued to grow. On more than one occasion, I considered waking the young man, seeking the perception of one who could look in from the outside, as there was no one on this planet who could objectively do so. I dismissed the idea as soon as it arose; the young man slumbered to escape the pernicious effects of the void. I would leave him to rest. I envied him, alone out of us all able to decline participation in the machinations of the void.

I often wondered if in his slumber he walked in the shadow realm. Was he, perhaps, lost in it? From my vantage on the plateau and my ever present vigilance, I had no way of knowing. Were I to sleep, perhaps I could make contact. This posed a dilemma, however. I did not know if each one of us carrying the void could step into that realm, or if I was alone in that experience, being the first, being the host, being the head.

I turned my attention to the Church. All the major religions had fallen silent since the assimilation of the last free territory on Earth. I knew not if this was a matter of mourning or conspiracy; it mattered not. Were they to wrest control of the world from my wretched hands was not my concern. What was control when compared to the flood of power we experienced at each feeding? Nay, I feared no victory of outright rebellion. I did, however, fear the collapse of the precarious ecosystem we had created. I would happily thrive in the shadows so long as chaos did not reign in the light. I spread my preternatural awareness to listen to the subtle undertones and impressions, the casual vibrations, of the movements and motivations of humans. This often revealed artifacts of dissonance, where conspirators had managed to gather enough attention to their schemes to draw my attention. In this way, we were able to dismantle these intrigues before they became problematic.

As I prodded the major epicenters of the larger religions, I discovered nothing out of the ordinary. This did little to ease my apprehension. I turned my attention to the growing ideological networks and found nothing out of the ordinary there, which also did little to easy my apprehension. Was my paranoia so great that I was inventing a veritable boogeyman with which to torment myself? Or was something truly amiss that lay out of the realm of my abilities to recognize or discover? There was no issue in exercising my abilities. Nay, in fact, I had never been as capable as I was now, always increasing in the strength and prowess of my abilities. In the early days, when we reigned over only the valley, it took effort to extend my awareness over it. Now, I could send my awareness to the farthest corners of the world with naught more than a thought. I could impress my will upon others on the slightest whim. Isolating candidates who required guidance was nothing more than an afterthought. All this I did, and more, to discover what lay in store that may prove to be troublesome for the impending Festival of Ascension. I came up short every time.

The others sensed my anxiety. In a time not long before this one, we shared emotion as one, always at the whim of the void. With the institution of twice daily ritual prayer, the void seemed drowsy and drunk on emotion, leaving us to our own. This had the peculiar result of dismantling how deeply we were tied with one another emotionally. While we were yet very much connected in all ways, we no longer felt as one body. The others moved from one day to the next in usual fashion, managing regional details as was their responsibility, and I managing the overall affairs of the Temple. In this, it seemed I was the only one with heady concern over the possibilities of what might transpire leading up to, or during, the Festival of Ascension. The others lent their energies to understanding where trouble may originate from, though most of their communications with me were to provide comfort and solace. I initially rejected such concerns; we were the Godhead, we did not have the luxury to provide succor to one another in such fashion. But my apprehension only grew, and their support became welcome. Any threat to the Temple, or to any one of us, was a threat to us all. Understanding this made their overtures welcome.

I began to think that perhaps I exhausted all avenues from whence threats may originate. Was there, indeed, no stone yet left unturned? Was there no group or community I had failed to look into? If the apprehension was not torment enough, the overthinking would certainly bring the work to completion. I required a rest from my own thoughts, though no such rest would be had. Were I to slumber, I would find myself in the other realm, and I was not yet ready to make such an excursion. And the distractions by which man escaped their mental anguish held no attraction for me. Nay, I was a prisoner of my own thinking, and being aware of the fact left me feeling forlorn and impotent. 