I was, by all outward appearances, composed on the eve of the final Festival of Ascension. I was, however, far from such. Everything was in place. Everything was in order. All appeared well, and the clergy's anticipation and excitement was palpable. Despite this, I failed to accept things as they appeared, and this drove my paranoia to extremes. We were a week away from a full moon, as was customary for this ceremony.

The entire world was watching. This would be the largest Festival of Ascension ever to be performed, both in attendance and display. Never before had the world seen an event such as this. Coronations, religious rituals, prior Festivals of Ascension, all paled in comparison to what would transpire over the following seven days. This was made possible by way of [[The Ascended]]'s telepathic abilities, by which we were able to plan and spread information. Some locales were behind the news by two days' travel at most, and so when this Festival was announced, innumerable persons began making plans to attend.

Innumerable. The final count of people expected to be in attendance was staggering. Though I was vaguely aware of how many people existed on this planet, the calculations of how many would attend put the total population in better perspective. I could hardly believe that so many people existed on this planet, that this planet could sustain such a population. It became clear to me why the daily prayer ritual was overly satiating. This population was far greater than we what we needed to sustain ourselves. Even the sampling we partook of was an incredible amount of emotion to imbibe, and now I understood why.

A fraction of the entire population would be in attendance for this final Festival of Ascension, and it was yet a colossal amount of people migrating to the region. The clergy of the region were in high spirits, thrilled to host such an enormous gathering for an event that would prove to be *sui generis*. This served to catapult the extravagance of the event. The finest craftsmen in the region were recruited to create immense and beautiful structures that would play prominent roles in the ceremony. Artisans and artists of all kinds were hired from within the region, and invited from without to add a flourish to the Festival not present in any prior. Through the minds of the local [[The Ascended|Ascended]] I bore witness to development and completion of some of the most splendid works of art I had ever experienced in my entire existence. We made plans to bring a handful of these structures and pieces to the [[Shrine of Radiance]] once the ceremony was complete, and the celebration afterward had come to an end.

I had considered traveling to the region in which the Festival would take place, to bear witness to the splendor of the event directly, but decided against it. From the depths of what soul remained to me I yearned to experience the beauty of the event. However, I recognized if any truly damning thing were to occur, it would center on my presence. I was expected. I was anticipated. [[The Ascended]] knew I would not be in attendance, and though this information was distributed widely to the clergy, the desire and hope that I be present was strong enough to reach me at the [[Shrine of Radiance]] with no effort to sense it on my part. It was mutual--they longed for my presence as I longed to be present. I decided to remain ever vigilant from my throne on the plateau.

Even now, the throngs of people in attendance packed the boulevards on which the inaugural parade would traverse. The Temple had been gracious with grants to local hospitality-oriented businesses to increase the capacity of their establishments to serve ever greater amounts of patrons. We went to great lengths to ensure that even the poorest supplicants and pilgrims would have food and shelter, that there would be no want of sustenance among those in attendance. The planning for this event had begun months before The Last Bastion of Hope had fallen into our hands, and preparation took many months to complete after we acquired the region. The Last Bastion of Hope had become an incredible spectacle in its own right, and now we would draw the world's full attention with a ceremony to surpass all ceremonies.

We had not the means to share the full splendor of the event across the world. This created a great amount of tension among those faithful who were unable to attend for any number of reasons. We considered a number of solutions. We had the ability to impress upon our followers subtle imagery and strong suggestion, but this would in no way capture the grandeur of what would transpire. As a result, many regions decided to hold similar celebrations alongside the Festival of Ascension. This was not uncommon. Past Festivals saw similar events replicated across the globe, as our followers celebrated with the region in which a new cast of candidates would [[The Ascended|ascend]]. Of course, the celebrations accompanying this final Festival would share in the extravagance: regional temples sought out the finest craftsmen and artisans in their locales to create smaller, similar versions of the art and structures being erected at the site of the main Festival. When the last rays of sunlight faded into the twilight here on the plateau on the eve of the Festival, the entire world would light up in celebration.

This would signal sunrise in the region of The Last Bastion of Hope. Across timezones, across regions, across temples the world over, the Festival would begin. A fitting beginning. A fitting continuation.

The sun was slowly setting before me. A sliver of its orb remained visible over the mountain range at the opposing end of the valley. The sky was alight with a fire more fantastic than all the bonfires that had ever been lit on the plateau. Its magnificence was enough of a distraction that I was entirely consumed by it. My apprehension, my paranoia, remained suspended for those few precious moments, as I lost myself in the beauty of the display. Overhead, the dark of night was beginning to spread its net to obscure the radiance of the sun in its decent. The encroaching darkness brought with it the apprehension and paranoia, and I stood in full attention of what was happening over the Earth. The sun was gone completely from my sight, and its fiery hues spread across the sky were disappearing with it. As the final reds and oranges dissipated into purples and blacks, the Shrine of Radiance exploded in light.

The final Festival of Ascension had begun.