I was entirely unprepared for what transpired during the Festival. Nothing, absolutely no planning, no consideration, no high level of imagination, could have provided me insight to what occurred. All the apprehension, all the paranoia, all the self-imposed torment was all for naught.

The Festival of Ascension was performed to completion, and the celebrations that took place afterward went on without incident.

There were, of course, minor discrepancies as there are with any sizable event, though no issue was big enough to cause any major disruption of any event taking place the world over. The jubilation was blissful. The celebrations were enthusiastic. The void was naught more than a whisper during the Festival, so drunk was it on the emotions from which we liberally drank. There was excess such that we were unable to keep most of it to ourselves. Thus we shared. The whole world was overtaken with ecstasy, as we spread euphoria over the face of it. Humans everywhere felt our presence and revelations as twelve of their kind [[The Ascended|ascended]]. We impressed upon our followers visions and imagery of the main Festival to supplement regional celebrations. The world was delirious with the splendor we imparted. What event could ever overcome the rhapsody shared among mankind throughout the Festival and for weeks beyond it? Despite the pain we wrought as the price of our existence, we had created something beautiful. We had created a single shared moment of joy across all of humanity. I sincerely doubted anything we--or anyone else for that matter--could ever come close to creating such collective euphoria.

We were the damned, and humanity was our ward. While we sought to keep the void within at bay, we worked tirelessly to share what light we could with our charge. Never was this made more apparent than during the final Festival of Ascension. With grandiose panache, we presented humanity with a glimpse of what could be. The [[full moon ritual|full moon rituals]] would never be the same. They would continue, as it was a regularly unifying ritual across regions. However, having experienced the collective joy and euphoria that was made possible by this final Festival, the [[full moon ritual|full moon rituals]] would be transformed into something akin to miniature renditions of the Festival of Ascension, as humans sought to create similar experiences of shared ecstasy.

The outcome was overwhelming. No conspiracy reared its head, no obscured group arrived to dismantle the efforts of those working in concert to create these experiences. The Festival of Ascension was executed with perfection. I was beside myself with relief as the final celebrations began to die down. The Festival was a well-contained bonfire of jubilation, and as the embers smoldered, I was finally able to relax. I had stood in front of my throne through the entire week, watching the complex interplay of the supplicants and clergy on the plateau as they performed all their planned activities in tandem with those of the Festival of Ascension. There were moments in which I was immersed in their ceremony, but they were fleeting. I ever returned to my apprehension, my vigilance. When it was all over, I relinquished my paranoia, doused my anxiety, and allowed myself respite from my self-inflicted torment.

The Festival came and went, bringing additions to [[The Ascended]] and leaving humanity with memories of incredible experiences. And now, what? The thought of returning to the mundane struggle of wrestling with the void was sobering. Now we continue doing what we have always done, serve as humanity's Last Bastion of Hope in our regulation of the hunger.

The immensity to which the Last Bastion of Hope had grown in preparation for the Festival was not lost on the clergy. The region remained full of splendor, with much of the artisans' work remaining, excepting those pieces that were brought to the [[Shrine of Radiance]]. Such was the grandeur of the region that many were calling for the migration of the [[Shrine of Radiance]]. I contemplated the significance of such a move. How symbolic a gesture to place the core of our religion in the region that brought the world into such joyous delirium!

As beautiful a gesture as it could be, I declined. The plateau held too much meaning and purpose; this was, after all, the place where the young man and I had chosen to attempt to withdraw from the world entirely. This was a place of deep ties to our past. I was once a human becoming a monster. In that evolution I sought desperately to save others from what I was becoming. In my former life, I worked alongside my brothers of the cloth to share the Light as we understood and to serve any and all who would seek us for succor and shelter. In my early days wrestling with the hunger, I sought to minimize my expression of its darkest deeds. After all these years, I and my kind had created something that at once staved off the worst of the hunger and shared the best of it with humanity. Damned though we were, we had given humans the experience of a global, collective joy. Such an experience could be their reality.

Nay, the plateau was symbolic of far more than what transpired with the final Festival of Ascension. The plateau was the home of the [[Shrine of Radiance]] and would remain so indefinitely.