The days seemed to extend forever following the final Festival of Ascension. One day bled into the next as my vigilance continued, though I was growing weary of my extended consciousness. Spreading my awareness, telepathic communications, manipulating emotions, all took a toll on my finite energy. I slowly became conscious of the amount of emotion I required to consume in order to continue my vigil. In the first few weeks, I was able to maintain my sharpened senses with no change in how much I consumed. After a few months, however, I began to grow drowsy. Increasing my emotion intake helped, but was problematic. I was siphoning resources from the collective. [[The Ascended]] drank, and I dipped into the well of our bounty to withdraw more than my fair share, all to remain conscious, all to avoid entering the other realm. This would not bode well in the long term.

I shared my concerns with [[The Ascended]]. They knew of my vigil and why I avoided sleep. I knew by way of their impressions they had not entered the other realm themselves. Why I was the only one pulled into that space was unknown to me, though I held my suspicions. Perhaps being the first, I was the only one with whom the void could communicate in such a way, a direct means of transmission. Perhaps I was the only one strong enough to enter the other realm and return, consciousness intact. This was, however, speculation. Perhaps the others had the ability and simply did not exercise it. While possible, this did not seem correct. The times I had entered the other realm were involuntary. There was no conscious effort on my behalf to do so as I fell asleep. As sleep overcame me, I simply appeared there. No, there must be something that draws me in. I know not what.

Too much of my existence was wrapped up in unknowns. My life continued well beyond that of a human, but I knew not if I was truly immortal or I would simply live beyond centuries and pass away in the distant future. I had powers that were growing, though I knew not their limits nor any supernatural laws governing their use beyond what I learned from experience in their use. I was also unaware of all the powers I held at my fingertips. I knew there were latent powers that I had not utilized, unsure of how to use them or what purpose they served. I knew I could remain vigilant for extended periods of time, but was learning that beyond a certain point it came at increasing cost. When I considered the unknowns of the other realm and my access to it, ever more questions arose, and no answers.

The shadows felt ever more present, particularly after the euphoria of the final Festival of Ascension. They imbued this body with ever greater strength and additional powers, but failed to bring to my awareness any of the answers they may hold. How did one communicate with the monsters in one's head and under one's skin?

I periodically sought the talents of those who claimed psychic abilities. The clergy would bring renowned magicians, sorcerers, occultists, all providing what insight they saw beyond this realm in the cards or tea leaves or runes with which they practiced their art. None of it was illuminating. Being of renown, I never faulted these practitioners as false. Provided my countless years of experience in thriving as a preternatural being, who was I to question what was real and what was not? How could I claim to know the secrets of the beyond and accuse those of human ilk that their ways were misguided? I was, perhaps, better positioned to know more, but what evidence did I have that who they communed with was inaccessible? I barely knew enough of my own existence; there were other realms, other beings, other powers, other skills, and I knew not even a fraction of them. I accepted these practitioners' admonitions, expressed my gratitude in providing their services, and dismissed them.

The longer I lived, the greater my experience, the more I realized I did not know. Everything was questionable, including my very existence. Was this, in fact, a dream? Was the other realm my true reality? Was I already dead, and this was naught more than a vision in the afterlife? The longer I remained conscious, the less coherent I became. My mental faculties were at once ever sharp and also incredibly dull. The costs I incurred in my vigilance were increasing, and not just in how much sustenance I required to maintain my waking state.

With each passing day, I grew more weary. I did not dip into the shared storehouse of emotions more than I already dared. Long past was the time of our struggling with the hunger, and I would not bring about that plight again in my insistence that I continue my vigil. Nay, the night would come when I would slumber, and I would enter into the other realm or I would not. That night was not tonight. It would arrive soon, but it was not tonight.

The sun was setting, and I once again stood at the edge of the plateau watching the burning sky in awe. Whatever I was, it paled in comparison to the magnificence of the setting sun. There was such incredible beauty on this plain, and I was grateful that my existence extended such that I experienced such grandeur each and every evening. There was a time when I shunned the sun, accusing it of representing all that I lost in my evolution as a monster. How foolish I had been! I had only myself to blame for all the sorrow, pain, torment I caused and experienced on the journey that brought me to this very moment. Had I known this was where I would end up, at the head of a collective that brought peace and joy to humanity, I would not have despaired as deeply in my darkest moments. The void was satiated, my powers grew, and humanity thrived as a result. Where I failed as man of the cloth, I succeeded as a monster in the mountains.

I walked to the throne and took my seat, contemplating this all. Warmth and joy, I felt, without fear of their withdrawal. I *felt* freely. I closed my eyes, breathing in the evening air, allowing myself the experience of pleasure of all that we had wrought. And with my exhale, sleep overcame me.  

