*I am unaware if it was the extent of my vigil that brought me here, if it was past time for me to come, or if my entry is random, but I once again find myself in the other realm. The ethereal light is brighter, the shadows around me are more clearly defined than before, the way before me is better illuminated. Is this the result of our success on the earthly plane? There is a resounding affirmation from the shadows around me, as if they were fully aware of my observations. I receive impressions of gratitude, of excitement, of satisfaction, as well as concern. I receive impressions that I have been away too long, that there is much I am unaware of, that little time remains to prepare me for what comes.*

*It is revealed to me that it may, in fact, be too late.*

*I walk forward, but my progress is stunted, slow, weak. My vigil has cost me my exuberance here in this realm. The shadows acknowledge the thought; I yet require rest as does every tangible being. I believed myself to be beyond simple human limitations, but as I inhabited a corporeal body on the earthly plane, that body required all that any mortal body required: sustenance; rest. This, however, was not the worst of what was being impressed upon me as I attempted to move forward on this boulevard. The shadows had much to share, and I was as slow of mind in this place, owing much my foolhardy vigilance.*

*Terror grips me as I work out the meanings of the various impressions and visuals being sent to me by the shadows. Each perceives what comes with slight variation to the one next to it, so the general idea of what comes iss impressed upon me with subtle differentiation in the details. But it is not the details that matter. It is the message. It is the warning.*

*A darkness greater than I could fathom approaches. A presence to rival even the deepest of my fears. I inquire of the presence. The shadows affirm it is the same as was sensed in my last visit. Desperation claws at me from within, but I stifle the sensation. The commotion among the shadows hold my attention. They are at great pains to collect their thoughts to present a clear impression of what they demand of me to understand.*

*They impressed upon me that they cannot save me. They impress upon me they have given me all they dare to provide, recognizing the fragility of the corporeal body in which I reside on the earthly plane. I have not yet existed long enough nor fed well enough to complete the evolution of my physical being to fully contain all they offer, to become the being able to stand against the darkness that rises. Despite this, they impress upon me I must defend myself. They impress upon me that am I to protect what I have wrought, the work I have done. I am charged to defend it to my death. As if to drive the point home, I receive another wave of visuals and impressions of the cost incurred should I fail.*

*How am I to stand against what I do not understand, I implore. Their concentration is broken for a moment as they devolve into confusion and turmoil. I sense the differences in what they consider pertinent, and their difficulty in coming to agreement on what best to convey. They finally fall silent. They beckon me to do the same. I sense their rising fear. As if in solidarity with the shadows, fear rises within me, my terror growing to levels I have not experienced in centuries. Is it the presence I felt last time that returns? But my thoughts go unanswered. Nothing is spoken. No impressions are sent. And then I feel the immensity of the presence from before. Far larger, far greater, more encompassing than I am capable of grasping. My mind recoils at its approach. My whole being shudders, the shadows around me shuddering with it. There is no time, they impress. Return! they impress with great urgency.*

*I cannot leave without answers. I must leave with at least some shred of a solution. How could I ever hope to withstand the monstrous presence that looms, even from afar? My terror uncoils within, spreading itself out through my torso, my limbs, my mind. I do not run; there is nowhere to run. I cannot hide; there is nowhere to hide. The presence approaches as the terror rises and threatens to consume me, and I feel entirely powerless to act.*

*At the edges of my consciousness, I hear a deep hiss. I grasp at the noise and it pushes away some of the terror. The shadows have managed to collect their focus and work together to reach into me, to push me out with a final message: do not forget. There is more, but in the next moment all falls silent and I am yanked from the vision.*

My eyes snap open as I lift my head from its perch on my chest. I'm on my feet in the next moment preparing to spread my awareness in an effort to sense from whence the threat comes, but immediately sit back down, so weak is my body. I sense nothing. I again attempt to spread my awareness from where I land but sense absolutely nothing. No spreading of awareness. No sensual feedback from anything or anyone around me. I hear shouts all around, the rushing of bodies, the clash of steel on steel, the cracking of bones. I hear howling. So much howling. My wolves have arrived, though I remain too disoriented from my abrupt waking to make sense of what is happening, and too physically exhausted to act.

I pause a moment to collect my mental faculties and allow my body to gain some semblance of autonomy. I once again attempt to call upon my preternatural senses and it is then that I recognize I am completely blocked from doing so. Is this a numbing net placed over me? Is this drawn by one of my own? Who would have the presence of mind to revolt against [[The Ascended]] so thoroughly and not be blocked by the void? But I have no time to consider this thoroughly, as the urgency of the moment has my full attention. I feel completely drained. Without access to my preternatural senses, I am unable to drink, to gain sustenance, to energize myself enough to act.

I look around. Nothing and no one is present in my field of vision, though the Shrine is filled with the sounds of conflict, battle, disruption, death. The shouts of humans intermingle with the snarling of wolves, and I can hear the desperation in the cacophony. I *feel* the desperation within, but am too weak to rise to the occasion.

Too late indeed. Too late and too weak. My extended vigilance has left this body with too little natural energy upon which to operate. I realize, too late, how foolish I was to avoid sleep for fear of the visions it brought. The shadows warned me, but too late had I arrived to receive it in time. Understanding begins to dawn on me as I begin to piece together their many disjointed messages. Defend the work to the death, they had charged me. Protect all I have wrought with every ounce of my being.

The [[Shrine of Radiance]], though brilliantly lit, feels as if it is being drowned in darkness. I cannot let this happen. I focus my attention with what little energy I am able to gather in my desperation. I draw up a mental spike, a power I am aware of but have never used. I attune the spike to whatever is blocking my abilities, but as I attempt to rend the net with this spike, all goes dark.

No light. No sound. Nothing.