*Commander,*

*My squad arrived at the appointed hour and met with the heathens who brought with them the contraption and talisman they so ardently contended was necessary. Together we traveled the mountain pass and entered the plateau unheeded. As we approached the shrine of the pagans, we were met with opposition. It seemed the idolaters were aware that we were not there on friendly terms. Though outmatched in skill, being untrained in combat, their numbers afforded them some advantage and made our progress slow. We were pulled from our horses and set upon by the fanatics. They fell easily, but their loyalty to their faith gave them great courage and we were at great pains to continue on to the crypt. Such was their efficacy, they gave time for the demon's beasts to join the fray. The wolves came upon us from everywhere, and we were made to defend ourselves on all sides. With little time to spare, our men, along with the heathens, created a barrier betwixt the wolves and the core of our fighting group, from which myself and a few others were able to break away. The heathen with the talisman joined us and we fled further onto the plateau.*

*We cut our way through the few pagans we came upon as we made our way to the crypt. The heathens' intelligence was accurate as to the location and the layout. At what cost did they acquire this information? It matters not. All was told true, and we were in the demon's chambers when we heard the dying screams of our brethren. With little time before we were discovered, we scoured the crypt for the other talisman, the like of the one we carried with us. But neither the talisman, the demon, nor the sleeping demon was present. The heathens failed to provide us with the means of our future victories.*

*We quickly rushed out of the crypt, and were ready to flee when Journeyman Toulouse noticed the demon seated on the throne. Without pause, I turned to rush up the stairs. As I did so, the heathen pressed the talisman he carried into my chest. I grasped hold of it, and he ran away. With no time to lose, I climbed the stairs, rose over the foul monster, and took off its head with one swift stroke of my blade. We turned and fled from the plateau as the wolves and pagans scurried around buildings and over obstacles to block our passage. We had no time to search for the other demon, such was the urgency of our escape.*

*I offer my penitence, my master. I am distraught that we have failed in our assignment, but the demon lies dead on its throne, and that offers me a little solace when I rest my head in the evenings. We have a journey of a fortnight ahead of us. Once at the safehouse I will send along this letter. I have attempted to include all the information you requested, and I hope this suffices. For now, I work to keep up the spirits of our few remaining men.*

*In service to you, and in honor of our Lord,*
*Sir William Hensley, Knight Templar* 